1.	Game of Thrones (2011 TV Series)
Episode: Winter Is Coming (2011)
Jon Arryn, the King's Hand, is dead and King Robert Baratheon has asked his best friend, Eddard "Ned" Stark, to take his place. Meanwhile, across the sea, Viserys Targaryen plans to marry his little sister, Daenerys, to a tribesman, Khal Drogo, in exchange for a king's crown.
2.	Game of Thrones (2011 TV Series)
Episode: Valar Dohaeris (2013)
Beyond the wall, those of the Night's Watch that have survived try to go south to warn everyone of what is coming. Samwell is taken to task for not having sent the ravens. Jon Snow meets Mance Rayder, the King beyond the Wall and is accepted among them. In King's Landing, Tyrion's face has healed and Cersei pays him a visit worried about what he might say about her to their father. Tyrion enlists Bronn, now a knight, to protect him. He doesn't get much satisfaction from his father who promises him better living quarters but not much else. Lady Margaery is cementing her place at court. Sansa meanwhile may have a way out of King's Landing courtesy of Lord Baelish. Davos Seaworth has survived and is rescued. He returns to Dragonstone intent on stopping Melisandre but soon finds himself in the dungeons. Robb Stark arrives at Harrenhal to find all of its occupants dead. Daenerys arrives in Astapor looking for an army. Ser Jorah tells her the Unsullied are the best fighters in the world.
3.	Game of Thrones (2011 TV Series)
Episode: Sons of the Harpy (2015)
Jorah Mormont steals a boat to navigate with his captive, Tyrion. Aboard a merchant ship, Jaime and Bronn sail to Dorne to rescue Myrcella. The Iron Bank is charging their loan and Cersei sends a representative of the Small Council to negotiate with the bankers. She then has a meeting with the High Sparrow and gives an army and power to his followers to neutralize the capital's sinners, including the patrons of Littlefinger's brothel, and Ser Loras Tyrell, the brother of Margaery. Tommen and his Kingsguard are stared down by the Faith Militant, and the king refuses to fight his way to the Tyrell knight. The disappointed Margaery leaves his side to stay with her family. Stannis Baratheon plans to head to Winterfell before the snow. Jon Snow is summoning nobles to help the Night's Watch with men and supplies and he has a dilemma with the name of the Bolton family. Melisandre tries to seduce Jon Snow, but he resists the temptation and does not break his vows. Shireen, restless at Castle Black, approaches her father and he informs her of what happened to her when she was a child. Sansa visits the tombs of her ancestors and Littlefinger tells a story of her family tells her that he will depart shortly to meet Cersei. He also advises her that the even the best men can be manipulated. In Dorne, Jaime and Bronn are found by a patrol and need to fight to survive. Ellaria Sand wants war but she is warned that Jaime Lannister and his mercenary accomplice are in her lands. Across the Narrow Sea, Daenerys has a meeting with Hizdahr zo Loraq, and she persists in her refusal to allow gladiatorial combat in Meereen. Tensions between Daenerys' government and the insurgent Sons of the Harpy culminate in the Harpies' ambushing of a party of Unsullied, and the only survivors are Grey Worm and the mortally wounded Ser Barristan Selmy.
4.	The Jungle Book (2016)
The man-cub Mowgli flees the jungle after a threat from the tiger Shere Khan. Guided by Bagheera the panther and the bear Baloo, Mowgli embarks on a journey of self-discovery, though he also meets creatures who don't have his best interests at heart.
The man-cub Mowgli flees The jungle after a threat from the Tiger Shere Khan. Guided by Bagheera the panther and the bear Baloo, Mowgli embarks on a journey of self-discovery, though he also meets creatures who don't have his best interests at heart.
5.	The Secret Life of Pets (2016)
A dog named Max's peaceful life is interrupted when his owner brings in Duke, a large dog Max highly dislikes. They quickly get into trouble and are sent to the pound. Max's best friend Gidgent and a diverse group of pets journey to find them.
6.	Suits (2011 TV Series)
While running from a drug deal gone bad, Mike Ross, a brilliant young college-dropout, slips into a job interview with one of New York City's best legal closers, Harvey Specter. Tired of cookie-cutter law school grads, Harvey takes a gamble by hiring Mike on the spot after he recognizes his raw talent and photographic memory. Mike and Harvey are a winning team. Even though Mike is a genius, he still has a lot to learn about law. And while Harvey may seem like an emotionless, cold-blooded shark, Mike's sympathy and concern for their cases and clients will help remind Harvey why he went into law in the first place. Mike's other allies in the office include the firm's best paralegal Rachel and Harvey's no-nonsense assistant Donna to help him serve justice. Proving to be an irrepressible duo and invaluable to the practice, Mike and Harvey must keep their secret from everyone including managing partner Jessica and Harvey's arch nemesis Louis, who seems intent on making Mike's life as difficult as possible.
7.	Suits (2011 TV Series)
Episode: Pilot (2011)
Even the best lawyer in New York City can use some help. While running from a drug deal gone bad, Mike Ross, a brilliant young college-dropout, slips into a job interview with one of New York City's best legal closers, Harvey Specter. Tired of cookie-cutter law school grads, Harvey takes a gamble by hiring Mike on the spot after he recognizes his raw talent and photographic memory.
8.	The Walking Dead (2010 TV Series)
Rick Grimes is a former Sheriff's deputy who has been in a coma for several months after being shot while on duty. When he awakens he discovers that the world has been ravished by a zombie epidemic of apocalyptic proportions, and that he seems to be the only person still alive. After returning home to discover his wife and son missing, he runs into survivors Morgan and his son; who teach him the ropes of the new world. He then heads for Atlanta to search for his family. Narrowly escaping death at the hands of the zombies on arrival in Atlanta he is aided by another survivor, Glenn, who takes Rick to a camp outside the town. There Rick finds his wife Lori and his son, Carl, along with his partner/best friend Shane and a small group of survivors who struggle to fend off the zombie hordes; as well as competing with other surviving groups who are prepared to do whatever it takes to survive in this harsh new world.
9.	The Walking Dead (2010 TV Series)
Episode: Too Far Gone (2013)
The Governor convinces his new community that it is in their best interests to take over the prison and if necessary, use force to do so. Not everyone is comfortable with that approach - Lilly and Meghan stay behind, with tragic consequences. The Governor and his crew appear at the prison and has two bargaining chips with him - Herschel and Michonne are his prisoners. He tells Rick to be out by sundown. Rick for his part tries to reason with him but the die is cast. In the ensuing battle, many - from both sides - are killed.
10.	The Walking Dead (2010 TV Series)
Episode: Days Gone Bye (2010)
Deputy Sheriff Rick Grimes and his partner and best friend Shane Walsh are summoned to form a police roadblock to stop a runaway car. Rick is shot by a criminal and goes into a coma. When Rick awakens in the hospital, he finds that he is alone in the abandoned hospital and sees several bodies everywhere. He wanders along the empty streets trying to find his wife and son and stumbles with Morgan Jones and his son Duane that explain him that the world has ended and now there are only walkers, zombies that are attracted by sound and smell of the survivors. Rick heads to Atlanta in the police car to seek out his family but he runs out of gas on the road. He sees a horse in a farm and rides to the city. Out of the blue, he is surrounded by walkers that eat his horse. He seeks refugee in a military tank and he hears a message on the radio.
11.	The Walking Dead (2010 TV Series)
Episode: Sick (2012)
Rick and his team faces five prisoners that have survived 292 days locked in the cafeteria without acknowledging what is happening outside. Rick leaves Hershel with part of the group and negotiates supplies with the inmates. They agree to help the prisoners to clear their block; in return, they would split the supplies fifty-fifty. Rick, T-Dog and Daryl help the prisoners while the rest of the group helps Hershel to survive. Meanwhile Carol asks Glenn to help her to get a female walker to practice a Caesarean section for Lori's delivery. Rick is betrayed by the dangerous leader of the inmates but he resolves the situation the best way he could.
12.	The Walking Dead (2010 TV Series)
Episode: 18 Miles Out (2012)
Shane and Rick head out away from the farm figuring to abandon Randall in some remote location making it impossible to for him to find the farm again. Rick and Shane have it out over Lori and Rick makes it quite clear that she is his wife and that the unborn child is his as well. When Randall reveals that he went to school with Maggie, Rick and Shane realize he could find the location of the Greene farm. Rick wants to take 24 hours to review the situation and to assess whether Randall should be forced out. Not surprisingly, Shane suggests that the best solution would be to kill him. Back at the farm meanwhile, Lori and Maggie disagree with Andrea's tough love approach to Beth's desire to take her own life.
13.	Vikings (2013 TV Series)
Episode: Mercenary (2015)
After an endless winter, most Viking men can't wait to leave their barren homes and clingy families to sail West and plunder or settle in Wessex. Bjorn has to allow shield maiden Porrun to join, like Lagertha, who entrusts her 'earldom' to seemingly loyal commoner Kalf, who instead of executing her predecessor's lieutenant offers him a plot to restore the old dynasty. Athesltan enjoy full trust from king Ecbert as well as Ragnar, who agrees to leave his best man behind in Wessex with Lagertha, who is to lead the settlers to set up farms. Bjorn and Rollo eagerly join the mercenary party under Ragnar to fight Ecbert's Mercian ally princess Kwenthrith's expedition to subdue her 'usurping' uncle Brithwulf and brother Burgred's armies, but she seems unpleasantly surprised when the Vikings make brilliant use of the enemy forces being on unlinked river banks.
14.	Supernatural (2005 TV Series)
Episode: Fallen Idols (2009)
Sam and Dean travel to a small town to investigate the mysterious death of a man in his parked Porsche. They lean that the car is James Dean's "Little Bastard" and the victim's best friend has recorded his death. Meanwhile another man is murdered by Abraham Lincoln and they go to a wax museum. When Sam is attacked by Gandhi, they discover that idols are killing their fans.
15.	Supernatural (2005 TV Series)
Episode: Appointment in Samarra (2010)
Dean seeks out Death to help get Sam's soul back. Death tells Dean he will help Sam if Dean will agree to act as Death for 24 hours. Meanwhile, Sam decides he doesn't want his soul back and asks Balthazar for a protective spell to keep his soul out of his body. Balthazar tells Sam he needs the blood of his father for the spell to work and since John Winchester is dead, Sam decides Bobby is the next best thing.
16.	Supernatural (2005 TV Series)
Episode: Heart (2007)
In San Francisco, Sam and Dean investigate a series of murders of a werewolf where the victims have their hearts removed. When a lawyer is killed in his office, the Winchester brothers visit his assistant Madison and they believe her former boyfriend Curt is the killer. Sam stays in Madison's apartment to protect her and they fall in love for each other while Dean investigates Curt; however, they discover that Madison is actually the monster and they give their best efforts trying to save her from her fate.
17.	Once Upon a Time (2011 TV Series)
Episode: Broken Heart (2015)
In a Camelot flashback, Hook becomes a Dark One and his lust for revenge against Rumplestiltskin is reignited. When Emma and Hook disagree about their best course of action, the final pieces of the puzzle are revealed as events in Camelot catch up to the present, resulting in a charged confrontation between the forces of light and dark.
18.	Once Upon a Time (2011 TV Series)
Episode: Best Laid Plans (2015)
Hook tells Emma that her fate is at stake in Gold's plan while Regina leads the villains on a wild goose chase. Henry makes a breakthrough in his search to find the Author, but Mary Margaret and David need a moment to reconsider the best course of action. In a Fairy Tale Land flashback, Snow and Charming search for a way to ensure their child will grow-up to be a hero. When a travelling peddler directs them to visit a kindly old hermit, Snow and Charming are presented with a choice that could secure their child's goodness, but at a price that will haunt them for years to come.
19.	Grey's Anatomy (2005 TV Series)
A Medical-Based drama centered around Meredith Grey, an aspiring surgeon and daughter of one of the best surgeons, Dr. Ellis Grey. Throughout the series, Meredith goes through professional and personal challenges along with fellow surgeons at Seattle Grace Hospital.
20.	Grey's Anatomy (2005 TV Series)
Episode: If Only You Were Lonely (2012)
As Adele's condition continues to deteriorate, Richard considers altering their living situation; an explosion at a local coffee shop results in a busy day in the ER for the doctors; Callie takes Meredith under her wing by helping her study for her boards; Lexie joins Arizona and Alex in peds, as they continue to care for intern Morgan's premature son; and when Jackson snaps at a patient, Mark encourages him to find ways to relieve his stress. Meanwhile, Cristina lets her suspicions get the best of her.
21.	Grey's Anatomy (2005 TV Series)
Episode: Risk (2014)
Pierce and Grey disagree with Derek about the best way to approach a patient's case, which lead the couple to a very big argument. Meanwhile Callie feels responsible for one of her veterans when he is pushed too far and a doctor's routine procedure shows devastating results.
Maggie and Meredith disagree with Derek about the best way to approach a patient's case, which leads to a bigger argument between the couple. Meanwhile, Callie feels responsible when one of her veterans is pushed too far and one doctor's routine procedure results in a devastating diagnosis, on the winter finale.
22.	Grey's Anatomy (2005 TV Series)
Episode: These Ties That Bind (2008)
Meredith's best friend from college shows up on her doorstep and Cristina feels threatened by it. Meredith thinks Sloan is putting the moves on her half-sister and asks Derek to intervene, while the interns practice sutures on each other and Izzie still feels Denny's presence. Hahn is suddenly gone from Seattle Grace and everyone immediately feel at odds over her replacement.
23.	Grey's Anatomy (2005 TV Series)
Episode: Forever Young (2007)
Bailey crosses the line when the guy she had a crush on in high school shows up in the ER during an onslaught of high school students involved in a bus crash. The Grey sisters run and hide when their father shows up drunk, while Derek tries to get back into the dating scene with another doctor and Cristina tries her best to get back into Hahn's good graces.
24.	Grey's Anatomy (2005 TV Series)
Episode: Dream a Little Dream of Me: Part 2 (2008)
As a group of best friends deal with the aftermath of their car crash, Dr. Torres takes the lead on a groundbreaking course of treatment for one of the patients. Meanwhile, Major Hunt starts to irritate other attendings with his presence in the hospital.
25.	Ray Donovan (2013 TV Series)
Episode: Road Trip (2013)
Avi brings Sully back from LA. However Sully is not traveling alone, he brings his better half with him. Avi's journey becomes ever more troublesome, as the Sullivan's and their dog cause considerable delay. Avi decides to rest at a motel to alleviate some tension. Mrs Sullivan makes a very serious mistake, a mistake which Avi has to clean up. Conor asks Ray to go to an award ceremony with Tommy Wheeler, and arrangement that seems simple upon request. Things get complicated as more photos of Wheelers indiscretions are threatened to be exposed by Marty Grossman at the award ceremony. Before the ceremony takes place, the photos and the threat need to disappear, a job that Ray has to take on if he wants to win Conor back. Tommy considers the conservative approach, and Ray decides otherwise. Agent Miller puts more pressure on Mickey, and decides upon using a wire when Mickey next meets Walker. Ray contacts Frank again and questions him why the evidence against Miller hasn't been released. Frank gets an interesting dilemma from Ray, and decides that releasing the evidence is the best choice. A celebratory drink between Mickey and Agent Miller ends abruptly as Mickey makes a bold decision on how to deal with Millers "under the table" investigation into Ray, Ezra and Sean. Sully finally arrives in LA to discuss the terms of the deal he made with Ray.
26.	Gilmore Girls (2000 TV Series)
Thirty-two year old single mom, Lorelai, lives with her daughter Rory in the small town of Stars Hollow, Connecticut, with crazy neighbors and many ups and downs. The two go everywhere together and are each other's best friends. No matter what goes on, they always end up happy and eating take-out!
27.	Gilmore Girls (2000 TV Series)
Episode: The Festival of Living Art (2003)
Stars Hollow is asked to host a Festival of Living Pictures when a neighboring town backs out, inspiring the town regulars pitch in to pull it off in only a week. Lane finds the perfect guitarist to replace Dave, but Zach objects because of his age. Sookie and Jackson hire one of the best midwifes on the eastern seaboard. Luke and Nicole decide to hold off on their divorce.
28.	Gilmore Girls (2000 TV Series)
Episode: The Reigning Lorelai (2004)
Lorelai the first passes on suddenly leaving Richard a mess and Emily handling all the arrangements till she discovers a letter Trix wrote Richard the day before he and Emily married. Lorelai finishes up the arrangements the best she can. Luke and Nicole quarrel in the town square and bar glass pinching cousin Marilyn reminisces about Lorelai the First's full life.
29.	Gilmore Girls (2000 TV Series)
Episode: Lorelai's Graduation Day (2002)
After doing her best to avoid Luke, Lorelai can't avoid the inevitable, but Luke isn't ready to patch things up yet. Rory invites her grandparents to her mom's graduation, but misses it herself after cutting school to meet Jess in New York.
30.	Orange Is the New Black (2013 TV Series)
Episode: Moscow Mule (2013)
Officer Mendez begins harassing Red when she refuses to help him continue smuggling drugs into the prison. Larry publishes his article about Piper in the New York Times, which turns her into a person of interest for inmates and corrections officers alike. Piper's best friend Polly has her baby at the same time that a baby is born to an inmate in Piper's cell block.
31.	Pretty Little Liars (2010 TV Series)
Four best friends are rattled when their leader Alison dies during a party. A year later, the mysterious "A" begins to torment them with threats laced with secrets they ever told Ali. Is Ali still alive? And will the girls every find out who their masked tormentor is? Find out in the twisted, confusing, dark tale of Pretty Little Liars. Episodes Tuesdays at 9 on Freeform.
32.	Breaking Bad (2008 TV Series)
Episode: Thirty-Eight Snub (2011)
Convinced that Gus will eventually kill him, Walt begins to prepare for the inevitable by purchasing a small revolver that he can easily conceal. He's clearly thinking about striking first but Mike makes it clear that he will never see Gus again. His suggestion that they work together on eliminating the threat gets him a beating and a nasty black eye. Jesse has got himself a new sound system and decides that the best way to spend his time at home is to constantly party. Tired of husband Hank's surliness, Marie Schrader takes to visiting open houses. Skyler's attempt to buy the car wash from Walt's old boss does not go well.
33.	Arrow (2012 TV Series)
Episode: Pilot (2012)
After a violent shipwreck, billionaire playboy Oliver Queen was missing and presumed dead for five years before being discovered alive on a remote island in the Pacific. When he returns home to Starling City, his devoted mother Moira, much-beloved sister Thea, and best friend Tommy welcome him home, but they sense Oliver has been changed by his ordeal on the island. While Oliver hides the truth about the man he's become, he desperately wants to make amends for the actions he took as the boy he was. Most particularly, he seeks reconciliation with his former girlfriend, Laurel Lance. As Oliver reconnects with those closest to him, he secretly creates the persona of Arrow - a vigilante - to right the wrongs of his family, fight the ills of society, and restore Starling City to its former glory. By day, Oliver plays the role of a wealthy, carefree and careless philanderer he used to be - flanked by his devoted chauffeur/bodyguard, John Diggle - while carefully concealing the secret identity he turns to under cover of darkness. However, Laurel's father, Detective Quentin Lance, is determined to arrest the vigilante operating in his city. Meanwhile, Oliver's own mother, Moira, knows much more about the deadly shipwreck than she has let on - and is more ruthless than he could ever imagine.
34.	Arrow (2012 TV Series)
Episode: Sara (2013)
Lance calls the Arrow when another archer appears in town and starts skewering businessmen. Diggle uses A.R.G.U.S. to find the archer's identity; he is a man named Simon Lacroix, who goes by the codename Komodo. However, the team hits a rough patch with the mission and gets help from a surprising source - Laurel. Meanwhile, Oliver begins to worry that he hasn't heard from Thea, which forces Roy to tell him the truth about why she left town. Ray Palmer pursues Felicity. In the flashback, Maseo tells Oliver that Amanda Waller has ordered his first kill. As Oliver looks down the scope of the rifle, he sees the target is his best friend, Tommy. Despite her promise to her sister, Laurel debates sharing a secret about Sara with Lance.
35.	Arrow (2012 TV Series)
Episode: The Odyssey (2013)
Oliver's heavy-handed approach to getting information from his mother backfires and she manages to shoot him in the shoulder. He turns to Felicity Smoak for help getting back to his hideaway. She and Digg do their best to nurse him back to health. Flashbacks to Oliver's time on the island reveals an early attempt to escape. Oliver's loyalties however prevent him from taking advantage of the situation. The reason for Yao Fei's betrayal is revealed.
36.	Arrow (2012 TV Series)
Episode: Burned (2013)
Laurel asks for Oliver's help when Jo, Laurel's best friend, learns that her firefighter brother Danny died on duty. Based on information from the coroner's office, Jo doesn't think he died in an accident. He's also not the only firefighter to have died recently in questionable circumstances with several other members of a now disbanded fire company also dying on the job. Since his encounter with the Dark Archer however, Oliver has had difficulty continuing his pursuit of justice. Meanwhile, Walter Steele is still missing after 6 weeks and Moira is being pressed to step into his shoes at corporate headquarters.
37.	The Last Ship (2014 TV Series)
Episode: We'll Get There (2014)
The virus tests look most promising, but the irreplaceable samples are in danger of getting lost be overheating. Inventive Lt. Andy Chung steps us to do better then the sick chief mechanic could have done. He helps the CO to juggle the near-incompatible needs of power and water supply for cooling and well-timed propulsion, making the best of wind and currents. The XO scares the captive genetic genius into brilliantly helping doc make sudden sense of the research data, agreeing to better terms including a chess partner.
38.	Sherlock (2010 TV Series)
Episode: The Empty Hearse (2014)
Two years after the devastating effects of The Reichenbach Fall, Dr John Watson has got on with his life. New horizons, romance and a comforting domestic future beckon; but, with London under threat of a huge terrorist attack, Sherlock Holmes is about to rise from the grave with all the theatricality that comes so naturally to him. It's what his best friend wanted more than anything, but for John Watson it might well be a case of 'be careful what you wish for'. If Sherlock thinks everything can be just as he left it though, he's in for a very big surprise.
39.	Sherlock (2010 TV Series)
Episode: The Sign of Three (2014)
As Lestrade fumes over his constant inability to convict the Waters gang of bank robbers, Holmes prepares for his role as best man at Mary and John's wedding. His speech, initially bizarre, turns out to be a moving tribute to his friend whilst he also contributes two anecdotes of recent cases, both unsolved. The first concerns a young guardsman whose life John saved after he was the victim of a 'locked room' attempted murder. The second involves a man who uses the identities of the recently deceased to date different women. As he looks around the wedding party, Holmes suddenly realizes their connected solutions, which also involve Watson's former commanding officer, disfigured war hero Major Sholto.
Sherlock is about to face one of the greatest challenges of his life: giving a speech as best man at John's wedding. On the big day, he starts off somewhat rambling but in the end delivers a charming and warm oration on his good friend John and his new bride Mary. He also recounts two cases, still unsolved, from John's blog. The first deals with a Guardsman who, soon after being relieved from guard duty, is found stabbed and dying inside a locked shower stall. The second involves a young woman who wants Sherlock to locate a man she had recently met and who then disappeared. As he recounts these tales Sherlock realizes they are linked by a common thread and also to John and Mary's wedding - where one of the guests is going to be murdered.
It is John Watson and Mary's wedding day. Holmes is the best man and has laboured over his speech, plus micromanaging the reception. While giving his speech he recounts how Watson invited him to be best man, the wedding plans and recent cases of theirs. One of the cases involved a member of the Household Guards who believed he was being stalked, and then was found stabbed in the shower, with no weapon in sight. Another case seemed bizarre - a woman who believed she had had a relationship with a ghost.
40.	The Big Bang Theory (2007 TV Series)
Leonard Hofstadter and Sheldon Cooper are both brilliant physicists working at Cal Tech in Pasadena, California. They are colleagues, best friends, and roommates, although in all capacities their relationship is always tested primarily by Sheldon's regimented, deeply eccentric, and non-conventional ways. They are also friends with their Cal Tech colleagues mechanical engineer Howard Wolowitz and astrophysicist Rajesh Koothrappali. The foursome spend their time working on their individual work projects, playing video games, watching science-fiction movies, or reading comic books. As they are self-professed nerds, all have little or no luck with women. When Penny, a pretty woman and an aspiring actress from Omaha, moves into the apartment across the hall from Leonard and Sheldon's, Leonard has another aspiration in life, namely to get Penny to be his girlfriend.
Mensa-fied best friends and roommates Leonard and Sheldon, physicists who work at the California Institute of Technology, may be able to tell everybody more than they want to know about quantum physics, but getting through most basic social situations, especially ones involving women, totally baffles them. How lucky, then, that babe-alicious waitress/aspiring actress Penny moves in next door. Frequently seen hanging out with Leonard and Sheldon are friends and fellow Caltech scientists Wolowitz and Koothrappali. Will worlds collide? Does Einstein theorize in the woods?
41.	The Big Bang Theory (2007 TV Series)
Episode: The Hofstadter Insufficiency (2013)
Bernadette and Amy are attending a conference together. Despite being without their regular third, they end up not talking about science but boys like they would usually do with Penny. This discussion takes a bit of a turn that threatens the fun they were having. Raj is still pining over Lucy. As Raj can now at least talk to women, Howard suggests that he go to a graduate student mixer. Since Bernadette is away, Howard even offers to accompany him to be his wing man. At the mixer, Raj makes a connection with an unexpected person. And Penny and Sheldon both miss Leonard, although Sheldon does his best not to admit it. An impromptu telephone call to Leonard makes Penny reevaluate how she is feeling about Leonard being away. As such, the focus of Penny and Sheldon's time together turns from Leonard to each other.
42.	The Big Bang Theory (2007 TV Series)
Episode: The Mystery Date Observation (2015)
Catching Amy kissing another man, Sheldon realizes that Amy has indeed moved on from him. As such, he decides to move on from her. As they were the ones who "found" Amy, Sheldon asks Howard and Raj to find his next girlfriend. After discussing the best approach to the task based on Sheldon's high standards, Howard thinks he has the perfect way to find that replacement to Amy. If all goes according to Howard and Raj's eventual plan, that perfect woman for Sheldon should arrive on his doorstep by the end of the evening. The questions become if any women will show up and if they do if any of them will be who Sheldon was expecting. Meanwhile, Amy is going out on a third date with Dave, the man she has been seeing. She has been short on information about Dave to Penny and Bernadette, so they decide to spy on Amy and Dave's date, knowing the restaurant where they will be dining. What they and their unexpected third see through the restaurant window may not tell the entire story of what is going-on on Amy and Dave's date.
43.	The Big Bang Theory (2007 TV Series)
Episode: The Alien Parasite Hypothesis (2010)
Amy experiences strange symptoms, which she believes are signs of a flu. They include an elevated heart rate, sweaty palms, dry mouth, and localized vascular throbbing. As Penny and Bernadette were present when the symptoms began, they know that Amy doesn't have the flu: she is in lust with Penny's ex-boyfriend, Zack Johnson. As Amy and Sheldon finally come to the conclusion that Amy is feeling womanly urges for the first time in her life, Sheldon has to come to terms with what his feelings for Amy are. They also have to decide how best to satisfy Amy's new biological urges. Meanwhile, Howard and Raj get into an argument: if they were to acquire super powers, who would be the superhero and who would be the sidekick. They have to come up with a way to settle the argument.
44.	The Big Bang Theory (2007 TV Series)
Episode: The Pirate Solution (2009)
It's Columbus Day and Thanksgiving is approaching, but Raj in particular is not in a thankful mood. His research stalled six months ago with no hope of success. With no job, his visa to stay in the United States becomes invalid which means that he will be deported back to India. Although Penny comes up with the obvious solution of Raj getting another job, jobs for astrophysicists are few and far between, with no guarantee of Raj even getting the job if there was one. With extra moneys just received from the university for his own research, Sheldon kind of offers Raj a job, but the nature of the offer is somewhat unclear, as would be Sheldon and Raj's working relationship. But a byproduct of Raj and Sheldon spending more time together is that Howard no longer has his best friend with who to hang out. So Howard decides to hang out with Leonard and Penny instead, who lose their much wanted alone time.
45.	The Big Bang Theory (2007 TV Series)
Episode: The Einstein Approximation (2010)
Sheldon can't sleep since he is totally preoccupied with solving a physics graphine problem. By association, Leonard and Penny can't sleep since Sheldon is continually bothering them. But Sheldon's sleep deprivation is making him more unusual than ever. He thinks he finally has the answer, not to the problem, but how to solve the problem. Much like Einstein did much of his best thinking when he worked in a patent office doing menial work, Sheldon believes he needs to get a menial job. A genius getting hired for a menial job is no easy feat, so Sheldon insinuates himself into a work situation of his own choice, much to the chagrin of one of his friends. Meanwhile, Leonard and Penny and Howard and Bernadette go on a double date to a disco roller rink. Raj is feeling left out, especially as it was his idea. On the other hand, Penny and Bernadette wish they hadn't gone.
46.	The Big Bang Theory (2007 TV Series)
Episode: The Tangerine Factor (2008)
Penny has just broken up with her latest boyfriend Mike who blogged about their sex life. Besides feeling embarrassed about the blog contents, she's angry with herself for what she sees as her poor choice in men, who all seem to fit into the same mold. After a few discussions between the two on her break-up and a few tantrums on Penny's part, Leonard finally asks Penny out on an official date. Penny agrees despite or perhaps because Leonard does not fit into that mold. Afterward, Penny has second thoughts about going on a date with Leonard and speaks to the one person who she feels can place the best perspective on it: Sheldon. Leonard too has second thoughts and speaks to his best friend, Sheldon. Using the analogy of Schrhodinger's cat, Sheldon tells both individually that they have to risk opening the box to find out what's inside. Will either do so?
47.	The Big Bang Theory (2007 TV Series)
Episode: The Spaghetti Catalyst (2010)
One of the consequences of Penny and Leonard breaking up is that Sheldon now has mixed allegiances. Leonard is his best friend and roommate, but he wants to remain friends with Penny if only because of all the work he's put into including her into his life. Sheldon goes to extreme lengths not to tell Leonard - or Howard or Raj for that matter - that he is having dinner with Penny. Will it be worth all the grief that he has to go through to keep this secret? Meanwhile, Leonard and Penny have to learn how to deal with the fact that they will still be seeing each other, and decide what form their new relationship will take.
48.	The Big Bang Theory (2007 TV Series)
Episode: The Bus Pants Utilization (2011)
Leonard comes up with an idea to develop a smart phone app that would use handwriting recognition software to help in solving their differential equations problems. Although the app's use would be limited to about a hundred people worldwide, he wants to go ahead, and asks Sheldon, Howard and Raj to join him in the project. They all agree. Leonard, as the one who came up with the idea, has a relatively clear vision of how he wants to proceed. However, Sheldon believes his way is best and wants to be among things CEO and CFO of the project, and to have it named after him. When Sheldon's controlling ways become too much for Leonard to handle, Leonard fires him from the project team. Sheldon tries whatever he can to make life difficult for the other three to complete the project, and even believes he may have lost Leonard as a friend for good. Penny takes pity on a moping Sheldon, but comes to regret it. She has to figure out a way to foist Sheldon back onto Leonard.
49.	The Big Bang Theory (2007 TV Series)
Episode: The Pork Chop Indeterminacy (2008)
The guys are surprised to see a beautiful young woman in Sheldon's office. They are even more surprised when they learn that she is Sheldon's fraternal twin sister, Missy Cooper, who is in town only for two days to attend a friend's wedding. Against Sheldon's wishes, Leonard invites her to stay with them, which she accepts. Leonard, Howard and even Raj (who is participating in a pharmaceutical study, which includes testing a new drug to overcome extreme shyness) fawn over Missy. Using the argument of potential genius offspring, Leonard convinces Sheldon, who abhors physical and emotional contact even with family, that he needs to act brotherly in looking out for Missy's best interests when it comes to finding a suitable boyfriend. Who better in that role than his roommate. Ultimately, the guys come to a solution on who should pursue Missy. But what will Missy have to say about their choice?
50.	The Big Bang Theory (2007 TV Series)
Episode: The Big Bear Precipitation (2016)
Sheldon has been spending time in the virtual wilderness ever since Amy showed him a scientific study that proves spending time in the great outdoors significantly improves cognitive reasoning. When Leonard and Penny decide to borrow one of Penny's clients cabin for a weekend getaway, Amy is further able to convince Sheldon for them to tag along. Mother Nature prevents them from enjoying the great outdoors as was the intention of the getaway, but it does allow them to examine the state of their collective lives. Meanwhile, Raj has been more committed to the entire process of Bernadette's pregnancy and the whole issue of the baby than Howard. If Bernadette and Howard think Raj's involvement is crossing the boundary, Howard will have to step up to the plate and tell his best friend so,... or does it also mean that Howard has to step up to the plate in other ways?
51.	The Big Bang Theory (2007 TV Series)
Episode: The Euclid Alternative (2008)
Leonard is unable to drive Sheldon to work for the next couple of weeks, leaving Sheldon, who refuses to take the bus, to find an alternate ride for the commute. After going through Penny then Howard then Raj, alienating each in those drives, Sheldon has run out of friends who will drive him. They come up with what they think is the best solution for all: that Sheldon learn how to drive himself. But can a genius in theoretical applications master an everyday mundane task that involves the unpredictable decisions of other people?
52.	The Big Bang Theory (2007 TV Series)
Episode: The Love Car Displacement (2011)
Penny initially declines an invitation from Amy Farrah Fowler, who considers Penny her best friend, to accompany her, Sheldon, Leonard, Howard, Raj and Bernadette to a weekend long science conference at which they'll all be speaking. Penny changes her mind when she learns that the conference is all expenses paid at a four star spa resort in Big Sur. Penny wishes she could change her mind once again when the drive to Big Sur with Leonard, Sheldon and Amy ends up being a nerd's version of a road trip. She probably wouldn't appreciate being in Bernadette, Howard and Raj's car either, the former two who are too happy in love and who demonstrate it in the drive to Big Sur. That love may be in jeopardy when at the conference, Howard meets Bernadette's handsome and 6'7" tall ex-boyfriend Glenn. An unfortunate comment from Howard to Bernadette about her former relationship with Glenn sets off a series of musical beds and musical bedrooms between the seven which culminates in a no holds barred airing of all their feelings at the conference's panel discussion.
53.	The Big Bang Theory (2007 TV Series)
Episode: The Herb Garden Germination (2011)
Starting with Penny to Amy, a rumor quickly spreads amongst Leonard, Sheldon, Raj and Priya that Bernadette is planning on breaking up with Howard. This rumor is especially of interest to Raj since despite being Howard's best friend, he has always been in love with Bernadette himself. Additional news comes to light directly from Howard, who is planning on asking Bernadette to marry him. Based on the rumor, the rest of gang believe that Howard is in for a major let-down, much to Raj's excitement. But will Howard go through with his plan and if he does, will the rumor prove to be true? Meanwhile, Amy and Sheldon, watching the speed with which the rumor has spread, propose another social science experiment of starting two rumors - one of a salacious nature, and one more mundane - to see how quickly both spread amongst the group.
54.	The Big Bang Theory (2007 TV Series)
Episode: The Tenure Turbulence (2013)
The death of Professor Tupperman at Cal Tech opens up a tenured position. Leonard, Sheldon, Raj and Kripke each have different reasons for wanting the tenure opening. They believe the best way to secure this goal is to schmooze those on the tenure committee, which includes Director of Employee Relations, Janine Davis, who Sheldon in particular had a previous bad experience. But the most effective schmoozing may be done at Professor Tupperman's memorial, where the entire committee will be in attendance. While significant others in their lives support their respective man in whatever way they can, Howard does whatever he can to ensure a cat-fight between his friends.
55.	The Big Bang Theory (2007 TV Series)
Episode: The Vacation Solution (2012)
Much to Sheldon's chagrin, President Siebert orders him to take his mandatory vacation time immediately. Sheldon does whatever he can to pretend to take his vacation but still go to work. Since that doesn't work, he decides to do what he considers the next best thing: invade someone else's laboratory, namely Amy's. Amy welcomes him, but will Sheldon, who believes he's superior to everyone else regardless of the field of endeavor, be able to take a subservient role in his girlfriend's laboratory work? Meanwhile, Bernadette is worried that Howard won't take the news well that her father wants him to sign a prenuptial agreement since she makes more money than he does.
56.	The Big Bang Theory (2007 TV Series)
Episode: The Sales Call Sublimation (2016)
With Amy away at a convention, Sheldon hangs out with the friend with "the best offer", which happens to be Raj who has time booked in the telescope room searching for rogue planets. While Raj initially regrets asking Sheldon to join him, Sheldon does become a useful participant in the process. However, the successful result of their time may cause further problems down the road for the two of them. Meanwhile, Penny is having problems trying to arrange a business appointment to meet with a psychiatrist named Dr. Gallo. Penny is able to convince Leonard to book an appointment with Dr. Gallo pretending to be a patient to lay the groundwork for getting Penny an appointment. Leonard and Penny's resulting time with Dr. Gallo may have deeper implications than they would have imagined. And just as Howard and Bernadette are beginning the process of remodeling the house, Stuart gives them the news that he has found an apartment and will be moving out. Despite Stuart being a thorn in their sides, Howard and Bernadette may get the feeling of being empty nesters once Stuart is truly gone.
57.	Homeland (2011 TV Series)
Episode: About a Boy (2014)
Carrie takes extreme measures to co-opt Aayan, she realizing that she has approximately three days before he may catch on that there is no trip to London in his future, at least not from her. Her tactics may backfire on her, both in relation to Aayan's innocent sensibilities, and what others may perceive of her tactics if they find out. With Carrie figuratively missing in action while she deals with Aayan, Quinn and Fara go on a stakeout at the location where she spotted a still alive Haissam Haqqani, a best case scenario being that they spot him again, but hoping at least to find out who the cleric that he was with is. The stakeout takes different paths than inexperienced Fara may be willing to go, but she may also find that she is more willing to do whatever is required, much like her unofficial mentor, Carrie. At Benezir Bhutto Airport on his way out of Islamabad, who Saul spots at the airport may change his travel plans. And Professor Boyd contemplates what to do to get out of the hole he has dug for himself, those thoughts which include possibly telling someone in authority, regardless of the fact that it would lead to charges of treason against him and effectively destroy Martha's diplomatic career. The one person he does not yet feel ready to come clean to is Martha, who is most concerned about the slow disintegration of her marriage, the result of Dennis no longer being the man she married.
58.	Homeland (2011 TV Series)
Episode: Game On (2013)
Carrie is appearing at a hearing to determine if she is fit to be released from the psychiatric hospital. She believes she has done everything right to get released, with all signs pointing to that her medical team will recommend her release. However, external forces are working behind the scenes, one set who are determined to keep Carrie in the hospital, with another set determined to get Carrie released but on their terms and not hers. Carrie will learn which side is more powerful, or at least can manipulate the system the best to their advantage. In the process, Carrie has to figure out she can both trust and who is not being monitored by the two respective sides. Following Saul's advice, Fara Sherazi has been following the small money trails, which Saul believe will lead to one big pot of money. In doing so, Fara has indeed found that large pot of money. She doesn't know specifically who is manipulating the funds but has an educated guess. She and Saul come up with a likely theory despite it seeming somewhat unlikely on the surface. Leo is able to escape from the institution, and he and Dana run off in Jessica's car. While Dana and Leo deal together with recent issues in their lives, Mike helps Jess find out what may have happened to the pair. Mike discovers some disturbing information about Leo's hospitalization as opposed to the alternative.
59.	Homeland (2011 TV Series)
Episode: Q&A (2012)
After Carrie confronts Brody, the covert surveillance mission on Brody changes as the team takes Brody into custody. Their goals now are to get Brody to confess to being a terrorist most specifically in the non-completed suicide mission to kill Vice-President Walden the day in the bunker, and to get him to divulge Abu Nazir's grand plan, which they believe will be some sort of massive terrorist attack on US soil. David believes they have no more than twenty-four hours before anyone in Brody's life will notice him missing, most importantly anyone in Abu Nazir's circle. But the person who becomes most problematic for David is a tenacious Jessica, who does whatever she can to find her husband for the sake of their marriage. With the actual interrogation, Saul suggests that Carrie lead it as the person who knows Brody the best, however Peter, as the team lead, has the final decision, which he will make evaluating Carrie's mental state. Meanwhile, Dana goes on her first official date with Finn, which doesn't turn out the way either anticipated.
60.	Homeland (2011 TV Series)
Episode: Redux (2014)
The CIA and ISI are aware that Haqqani is alive, is holding Saul hostage, is moving somewhat freely using Saul as a human shield, and the intelligence community on the other side is aware of all this information, which basically changes the game in Pakistan. Lockhart arrives in Islamabad to conduct diplomatic talks with the Pakistanis along with Ambassador Boyd, the two who do not see eye-to-eye on how best to proceed, which may threaten their jobs. Carrie believes the best leads in rescuing Saul are Aasar Khan, who she guesses is involved in protecting Haqqani, Haqqani's unknown health issues which requires medication, and Aayan's girlfriend Kiran who may have been his confidante. In following these leads, Carrie may be unaware of one of those items leading negatively back to her. Meanwhile, Saul and Haqqani are able to discuss their philosophies of what they are doing. They also disagree on Saul's importance to the US government, one who may be more accurate in his assessment.
61.	Homeland (2011 TV Series)
Episode: Pilot (2011)
Eight years after being listed as missing in action and presumed dead in Iraq, Marine Corps Sgt. Nicholas Brody is found alive in an Al Qaeda prison. He returns home to a hero's welcome and begins reconnecting with his family. His wife Jessica welcomes him back while his daughter Dana has only a slim memory of him. Son Chris doesn't remember him at all. He's not aware that his wife had begun a serious relationship with his best friend. Meanwhile, CIA agent Carrie Mathison has been back in Washington for 10 months after a tour of duty in Iraq that ended when she bribed her way into an Iraqi prison to question a detainee minutes before his execution. In return for a promise to protect his family, he tells Carrie a great secret: a US soldier has been turned. She now suspects Brody and after the Agency dismisses her concerns, sets off on her own to find evidence against him.
62.	Homeland (2011 TV Series)
Episode: Gerontion (2013)
Following him murdering his ex-wife and ex-daughter-in-law, Majid Javadi is being held at the safe house, with Saul his main interrogator. Both Saul and Javadi believe they have the upper hand in their negotiations. Saul's plans for Javadi catch him and a member of Saul's team off guard. Saul's plan is placed in jeopardy when they learn that an image of Quinn entering the murder scene was captured on the home security system of a neighbor. Saul, Carrie and Quinn have to decide how best to control the situation. Because he has been missing from his desk for some time working on this covert operation, Saul knows that he has to come clean to both Senator Lockhart, who is visiting Langley, and Dar Adal, especially as Adal is aware of the surveillance footage. Saul's news and subsequent actions may make for a slippery transition to when Lockhart is appointed CIA Director in ten days. Saul hopes to make it home soon so that he can patch things up with Mira, who may have her own thoughts on the state of their marriage.
63.	Homeland (2011 TV Series)
Episode: There's Something Else Going On (2014)
Now that Aasar Khan has identified Dennis Boyd as the American mole without giving up who Dennis' handler within the ISI is, Carrie has to decide how to proceed now that the Taliban have recaptured Saul. At this point, Carrie isn't willing to let Saul die, especially after an unexpected telephone call she receives from the States. She and the team have to decide how best to play Dennis with what scant hard evidence they have on hand as to his activities. Carrie and the team also have to be careful about Martha finding out that they know he is the mole, Martha who may support her husband despite their problems. Regardless of Dennis, Carrie may have no option but to proceed with the prisoner exchange, despite knowing that Saul did not want to be used as a pawn for negotiation. Through it all, each side may have cards up their sleeve to manipulate the situation to their desired end goal, which on one side may not be all it appears on the surface.
64.	Homeland (2011 TV Series)
Episode: New Car Smell (2012)
After Saul shows him Brody's video confession of being a terrorist, David feels like he's between a rock and a hard place concerning his job, until Saul convinces him that the best approach is to expose whatever terrorist plot Brody is working on, which would label him a hero in the eyes of his bosses, including Walden. As such, David, without telling Walden, green lights a covert 24/7 surveillance operation of Brody to be largely done from the outside - that outside team which would include Carrie, and her former cohorts Virgil and Max - with the only people on the inside in the know being the two of them and an agent of David's choosing, who would lead the operation. The chosen one is an agent by the name of Peter Quinn, with whom Carrie gets off on the wrong foot if only because she sees what he is doing as her job. Despite their antagonism, Carrie and Quinn deep down seem to trust each other's instinct on the approach to take. Quinn wants Carrie to reestablish contact with Brody. Carrie has to figure out how far to go in this contact, especially with others now looking on. Meanwhile, as he is unable to provide a plausible explanation as to why he missed the fund-raiser, Jessica throws Brody out of the house. Although he would rather reconcile with his wife, Brody is able to have freer reign in his activities, or so he believes. Dana's friendship with Finn blossoms into a possible romance, despite her current relationship with current boyfriend Xander. And despite being inebriated, Brody's old marine colleague Lauder is able to convince Mike that there may be something to the conspiracy theory that Brody and Walker were in cahoots with whatever was going on the day Walker killed Elizabeth Gaines.
65.	Homeland (2011 TV Series)
Episode: The Clearing (2012)
In the aftermath of the attack on the tailor's shop, Saul travels to the federal prison housing terrorist Aileen Morgan. She's under lockdown 23 hours per day and agrees to identify the man Roya met in the park if Saul can arrange for her to have a room with a window. Saul runs up against a less than cooperative warden. Roya Hammad contacts Brody to tell him she's arranging for him to meet someone but he's not too keen with all that's happened. Brody and the family spend the weekend at the home of Rex Henning with Vice President Walden where he is being vetted as Walden's running mate. Brody is surprised by some of his host's views. Jess tells Brody about Mike's recent visit and he admits his role in Tom Walker's death. Carrie has no choice but to speak to Mike herself. Dana is still struggling with the hit and run accident and gets Finn to agree they should tell their parents. The Brodys and the Wardens don't exactly see eye to eye on how best to deal with the situation.
66.	Homeland (2011 TV Series)
Episode: 13 Hours in Islamabad (2014)
Carrie and Saul are among the two that survive the initial attack on their convoy, with almost the entire marine unit based at the US Embassy deployed to deal with the attack as the convoy is still under siege by long range snipers. Carrie and Saul are unaware of what is happening at the embassy. Dennis tells Martha just before it happens that Haqqani is aware of the secret tunnel underneath the embassy as a way in and out, he orchestrating the attack on the convoy as a diversion to empty the embassy of all marines before he and his men storm the compound via the tunnel. With the staff at the embassy directed quickly to "pack up" and destroy all sensitive materials, Lockhart is made aware of and is given possession of the only copy of their Pakistani asset list, which he is to secure in the vault. As Haqqani and his men storm the embassy, Quinn and a marine private, one of the two marines still left in the compound, are able to hide from them, with Quinn and the private knowing that their first priority is to ensure that that asset list does not get into Haqqani's hands. During the siege, Tasneem and General Khan come clear to each other about their own priorities, and while they may outwardly have the same goal of Pakistani national security, they have different views on how best to achieve that. As the dust settles on what happens at the embassy and at the on-road attack site, some in the US contingent take unilateral, unsanctioned and/or unofficial action on how best to protect the American presence in the region.
67.	Homeland (2011 TV Series)
Episode: Marine One (2011)
Vice-President Walden and his team are making preparations for the announcement of his candidacy for President, and several different factions are on their own mission for the event. David tries to convince him that if he is set on going ahead with the announcement at this time, that he do it in a more secured setting as Walker is still at large. Walker has to find a way into the secured zone to be able to have clear and undetected access for his shot. Brody not only prepares himself for his final suicide bomb mission, but also videotapes a confession for later viewing about his view that the Vice-President, who ordered the attack that killed several children including Abu Nazir's son but who publicly blamed that attack on Al Qaeda, is the true terrorist. Brody has to decide if he will ultimately go through with the plan or if there is another better option about which his backers will support. In Brody's preparation, Dana believes she understands why her father has been acting so unusual of late. And Saul has been placed on on-the-ground security detail, while he concurrently works on Carrie's theory, which leads to him finding a redacted secret document, the blacked out details on which outlines the Vice-President's involvement in that attack. If Saul finds out what is underneath the black ink, he will have to decide what to do about it. The one person standing on the sidelines is Carrie. After coming down from her high, she is now in an extended low as although she is officially listed as being on administrative leave, Brody ratting her out effectively means that her tenure with the CIA is over. In addition, she truly was in love with Brody. As Carrie emerges from her low, she still is determined to attend the Vice-President's announcement to figure out what's going on, including Brody's true motivations for ratting her out. What she sees at the event leads Carrie to do what she feels is best for national security, at the threat of her own mental health, about which she takes drastic action.
68.	Homeland (2011 TV Series)
Episode: Two Hats (2012)
Brody has now been absent for 12 hours and his CIA handlers have little hope that he is still alive. Just as they are about to arrest Roya Hammad Brody makes contact insisting that his family be put into protective custody before he comes in. Carrie decides that Mike Faber would be the best person to get the family to safety. When Brody comes in he tells them Abu Nazir is in the country and is planning an attack at the ceremony honoring 300 Marines returning from Afghanistan. Brody's role in all of this is simple - convince the Vice President that a journalist should be allowed to cover the event: Roya Hammad. Saul, who has been suspicious of Peter Quinn, starts looking into his background. Quinn's real orders become obvious. Meanwhile, at the safe house Jess and Mike once again become lovers.
69.	Homeland (2011 TV Series)
Episode: Shalwar Kameez (2014)
Carrie arrives in Islamabad in a tenuous situation. Ambassador Boyd has issued a lock-down of embassy staff in the aftermath of what happened to Sandy, that lock-down which hinders Carrie's ability to do her work. She also finds that she may have to overcome some bad feelings from staff over what happened to Sandy and the fact that the heir apparent, John Redmond, did not get the job which was all but a certainty before Carrie came into the picture. Beyond the problems, Carrie may have a clearer picture of what needs to be done, which includes co-opting Aayan Ibrahim without he knowing she and her associates are CIA. She may get some assistance in these matters from some old friends, one who unexpectedly shows up in Islamabad. Meanwhile back in the States, Peter continues to be unable to cope with his role in what happened to Sandy, with worse yet the implication of his role in why it happened. He continues to have intimate relations with his landlady, who is there emotionally for him without she knowing anything about him. Through it all, he continues to obsess about the actual incident around Sandy's death, multitudes of videos of it which are posted online. He feels that all around it best for him to quit his job, which is easier said than done. However,...
70.	Homeland (2011 TV Series)
Episode: The Good Soldier (2011)
Walker's memorial service is upcoming. As his best friend, Brody has been asked to provide the eulogy, which may be difficult because of his part in Walker's death. But the events of the service bring to the surface an issue that has so far been bubbling under the surface. Brody turns to an unlikely source to deal with his emotions. Meanwhile, Carrie and Saul, who have reconciled following their fight, convince Estes to allow them to conduct a polygraph test on the eleven people who had direct access to Hamid while he was in custody to see who if any of them provided Hamid with the razor with which he committed suicide. Carrie is certain this process will finally expose Brody. The polygraph has some unintended consequences, especially for Carrie and Saul. Meanwhile, the team follow up on leads as to the whereabouts of Faisel. In the process, they learn that he was not alone, but with a young Caucasian woman. Conversely, Faisel and Morgan have to figure out where they can go that is safe from both sides. And Saul makes a decision about his professional life that he hopes will strengthen his marriage.
71.	Friends (1994 TV Series)
A Comedy Series based in Manhatten about 6 young friends, in the struggle to find success and happiness in life, but it is never that straight forward, is it? Rachel Green - A popular schoolgirl of the past, is now a spoiled brat living off her fathers finance. In an attempt to start a new life after running out on her wedding, she shares an apartment with an old best friend Monica Gellar, and eventually befriends the other 4 and Monica's older brother, Ross. Monica Gellar - A compulsive neat freak, who has trouble with her love life. Monica was teased when she was in high school for being overweight. However, now a head-chef at a top restaurant in Manhatten, she has lost all her excessive weight, and just wants to start a family with 'the right guy' to complete a happy life. Ross Gellar - Older Brother of Monica, he has always had strong love feelings for Rachel. A successful professor of science leads him to be often teased by the other 5 friends about his profession. Ross has experienced many misfortunes in life, including 3 divorces and bringing up a child with his lesbian ex-wife. Ross now is devoted to finding a girl to settle down with, without a divorce, and makes it his personal goal to share happiness with Rachel. Phoebe Buffay - Brought up as a fatherless child, Phoebe is a ditzy yet loveable hippy, who has become a personal masseuse. Despite liking her profession, her dream is to become a star in the music industry and bases her songs on her life experiences. The other 5 friends secretly believe that Phoebe will never make it, but still encourage her to write. Phoebe often performs at the 'Central Perk' coffee house, and strongly believes in herself. Chandler Bing - A financially secure data processor, who relies on humor as a defense mechanism. Despite being rich, the other 5 have no idea what his profession is, and Chandler is a wimpy, average looking cigarette addict, who has never had a serious relationship. Will he ever get it, and is she just round the corner from him? Joey Tribiani - Despite being close to all the friends, he is especially open with Chandler, who his also his roommate. Joey is a small time actor, who desperately wants fame and fortune, and Chandler has high hopes of Joey, so helps Joey with money for acting lessons and professional photographs. Despite being a relatively bad actor, Joey is an adorable, sensitive guy, who is very successful with women, but needs to become famous and rich to complete his successful life. A Side Splitting Series, with emotion and drama. Definite One To Watch!
72.	Friends (1994 TV Series)
Episode: The One with the Worst Best Man Ever (1998)
Ross decides that Joey will be his best man but after the bachelor party Joey sleeps with the stripper they hired and she steals Ross' ring. Phoebe has terrible mood swings and is bitchy because of the hormones. Monica and Rachel throw her a very depressing baby shower because Phoebe won't have the babies so they give her presents she can use after her pregnancy but it only makes Phoebe angry. Joey desperately tries to retrieve the ring which has been in the Geller family for generations. Ross freaks out when he hears about the ring so the guys ring the stripper to get the ring back. It turns out she didn't take the ring but the duck swallowed it so they go to the vet and get the ring back. Joey wants to step back and let Chandler be best man but Ross wants them both to be there.
73.	Friends (1994 TV Series)
Episode: The One That Could Have Been: Part 1 (2000)
After Rachel finds our that Barry (her ex-fianc) & Mindy (her ex-best friend) were getting divorced, the friends imagine what life would be like if: *Ross was still married to Carol, *Rachel had married Barry. *Phoebe had taken a job offer at 'Meryl Lynch' *Chandler had quit his job & wrote stories for 'The Newyorker'. *Joey was still on 'Days of our lives' & *Monica was still fat. ...
74.	Friends (1994 TV Series)
Episode: The One with the Butt (1994)
Joey had high hopes for his lead role in 'Freud!', but the musical drama slash other nonsense is too horrible for words. For Chandler, however, it's a Godsent opportunity as he sees the breathtaking beauty Aurora in the audience. Chandler is encouraged to ask her out as 'the best-looking women often have measly men.' After a great night out, Chandler sadly reports she actually has an adventurous life, including a husband Rick and a lover Ethan. The girls commiserate as he can't just be her sex-toy-boy. However, think it is a dream come true as he would get the fun without the responsibility. Joey's role still pays off as an agent saw him and casts him as his idol Al Pacino's butt double. Alas the director can't appreciate a Joey's artistic ambitions in butt-acting. Chandler discovers good sex is no doesn't make up for lack of monogamy when Aurora announces another lover, Andrew, complicating her busy bed-schedule even further.
75.	Friends (1994 TV Series)
Episode: The One Where Phoebe Hates PBS (1998)
Almost caught once again, Chandler arrives with champagne for Monica, but instead finds the whole gang in her apartment so he says he is celebrating that his office just got wrinkle free fax paper. Joey thinks he has been hired as host for a PBS telethon, but is actually just one of many phone operators on screen. Phoebe says she hates PBS because it reminds her of the miserable days when her mother watched Sesame Street on it before committing suicide and even bitches Joeys telethon is selfishness masquerading as a good deed. When he retorts there is no such thing as a truly selfless good deed, she promises to prove him wrong. Ross tries to make up with Emily by phone and when she asks him to move to London he says no as he would be away from Ben. Emily agrees to move to New York but on the condition he won't see Rachel any more. The others consider her request to be unreasonable and after struggling to decide Ross becomes desperate enough to leave the decision to a Magic 8 ball which proves uncooperative. RacMonica has made up a fictional waiter as her secret boyfriend after Rachel walked in on her as she was actually waiting for Chandler. Rachel tells Chandler that Monica said her waiter boyfriend was 'the best sex she ever had' which Chandler enjoys enormously and milks for all it is worth. However Monica is cranky enough to cut him dry for the. Not knowing about the specifics of the condition, Rachel incites Ross to do whatever Emily wants to get her over to New York.
76.	Friends (1994 TV Series)
Episode: The One Where Monica Gets a Roommate (1994)
In a New York City coffee house called Central Perk, we're introduced to six friends: chef Monica Geller, data controller Chandler Bing who lives across the hall from Monica, Chandler's roommate/actor Joey Tribbiani, Monica's brother Ross Geller, new ageist Phoebe Buffay, and "born to be a wife" Rachel Green. One of the friends is just getting into a relationship and two are just getting out of one each. Monica is in the former category, going on a real/not-so-real date, dates with guys she's interested in being a rare occurrence. But she is excited by her upcoming one with Paul the Wine Guy from her place of work. Out on their date, their intimate conversation includes the fact that trauma from his last relationship has left him sexually incapable, something that only the right woman like Monica can fix, and she apparently does. Later however she finds that it was just a line to get her into bed, and thus her streak with the "wrong guy" continues. Ross is one of the two in the getting out of a relationship category. He and his ex-wife Carol broke up when she found out she was a lesbian. However waltzing into town is his old crush and Monica's best friend from high school Rachel, who is the second friend on a break-up: she has just left her fianc Barry at the altar, she still in her wedding dress when she first shows up at the coffee house. This move was based on the fact that she realized she was more interested in being married than in being with Mr. Potato Head lookalike Barry. She and Monica had not seen each other since high school, she turning to Monica now since Monica is the only person she knows in the city. Rachel barges into Monica's life since she has no skills, no job and no money - up to this point in her life, she has lived off the wealth of her father - but needs to flee the direction of her life with Barry and her parents. Although she now has a place to stay with Monica, she needs a job and she needs a new support network. As old flames die slow and reignite easily, Ross hopes to be one of her more intimate supports.
77.	Friends (1994 TV Series)
Episode: The One with Mrs. Bing (1995)
Chandler's popular, best-selling author mom, Nora Tyler Bing, announces on Jay Leno's show that her book tour's next stop is New York, and she gets the chance to see her son. Turning up in the Big Apple, she takes all the friends to a restaurant and encourages fan Rachel to try writing similarly cheap-steamy 'romantic formula' novels. She observes Ross' frustration about Rachel, assures him Paolo is not a hero that stays in the story to the end, unlike him, and somehow they kiss. Joey observes this who feels obliged to defend his mom Gloria's sex-appeal as equal, if you imagine her before producing seven children. Joey shames Ross into confessing the kiss to Chandler, who is irate and reads the riot act. Meanwhile Phoebe encouraged Monica to whistle to a hunk they saw walking on the street, which causes him to be hit by an ambulance and fall into a coma. They fantasize about him being the perfect boyfriend and compete to be the one to take care of him, hoping he'll wake up like a fairy tale prince.
78.	Friends (1994 TV Series)
Episode: The One with All the Cheesecakes (2001)
Chandler and Rachel eat a cheesecake that was accidentally delivered to their door and it's the best cheesecake they've ever had. Another cheesecake gets delivered and they try to resist and drop it off to their neighbour that was supposed to receive it. Ross is invited to a cousin's wedding but Monica isn't. Monica is very upset because she was the girl's best friend when they grew up together so she gets Ross to take her instead of a date. Rachel and Chandler find the cheesecake untouched in front of the neighbour's door so they take it. Monica wasn't invited to the wedding because she used to date the groom. Phoebe meets David, the love her life, again but he lives in Russia.
79.	Friends (1994 TV Series)
Episode: The One with Joey's Interview (2002)
Rachel is trying to solve the crossword in Soap Opera Digest magazine and sees that Joey is the answer to one of the clues. Joey tells his friends that he will be interviewed for an article about "Days of Our Lives". Everyone is very excited about it, but they're worried about Joey and his habit of saying the first thing that comes into his head. However, they promise to be near Joey during the interview, which takes place in the coffee house. There, Joey tells the reporter about his life, while we see some flash-backs of old episodes. But when Joey's about to say something wrong, everyone rushes in and stops him. Then Joey talks about his friends and who could be his best friend.
80.	Friends (1994 TV Series)
Episode: The One with Rachel's Assistant (2000)
Joey and Rachel compete over who has the best news. Rachel was promoted by Ralph Lauren, in person, to head a division and subsequently can hire a personal assistant. Although Hilda has all relevant qualifications and plenty of experience, Rachel she still chooses young Tag Johnson, who the girls and Chandler consider beautiful enough to be a model. Tag is greatly surprised that his clumsy interview didn't lose him the job, but gets increasingly suspicious as it seems people believe he gay, a lie spread by Rachel so she can keep him for herself. However he is more interested in Phoebe. Nobody had the heart to tell Joey a pilot he made stunk, so he was overconfident about his lead in Mack and CHEESE, and told director Terry he could stuff a comeback role on Days of Our Lives, especially if Alas, the producers phone to say the sci-if series is canceled, so Joey must beg Terry to take him on board. Meanwhile, Monica tricks Chandler into telling her an embarrassing 'Ross at Disneyland' anecdote. Ross finds out and retorts, starting a series of spilled secrets the three use against each-other.
81.	Friends (1994 TV Series)
Episode: The One with the Candy Hearts (1995)
It is Valentine's day and only the boys have got dates. After an opening line about an egg that Joey and Chandler recommended, Ross gets his first date since his divorce with the ladylike Kristen. However Carol and her lesbian partner Susan end up in the same restaurant. Susan gets called away to work so Ross makes everyone shift seats to let Carol sit with him and his date. Alas their conversation gets a bit too exclusive. Joey insists that Chandler comes to a restaurant as his foxy date Lorraine demanded a double-date. Her unknown friend turns out to be Chandler's ex Janice. When Joey and Lorraine leave early, Chandler and Janice use his credit card to order the best champagne. The two bottles contain so much alcohol they wake up together. Meanwhile the date-less girls take Phoebe's advice to perform a cleansing ritual: burning in a keepsakes from boys they want to forget. Paolo's grappa contains so much alcohol the ebullient effect requires calling three hunky firemen to the apartment.
82.	Friends (1994 TV Series)
Episode: The One with the Hypnosis Tape (1997)
Phoebe's brother Frank is getting married to a woman twice his age who used to be his teacher. Phoebe asks Joey and Ross to talk Frank out of getting married at 18. But they see that Frank really loves Alice and they agree to be best man and ring bearer. Monica is asked out by a millionaire. Chandler is using a hypnosis tape to quit smoking. The tape tells him he is "a strong confident woman" who doesn't need to smoke. He begins to act like a female.
83.	Friends (1994 TV Series)
Episode: The One with the Breast Milk (1995)
Joey is having trouble with a new guy at work who dresses like a cowboy and who intrudes Joey's section. Monica and Julie get along and Monica can't tell Rachel. Rachel finds out and is upset. Everyone dares Ross to try breast milk because it grosses him out. Joey dresses up as a cowboy to be the best at work again. Joey and the cowboy have their showdown and Joey wins because the cowboy sprays perfume into a customer's eyes. Rachel gives Julie a chance to be friends with her. Ross tries the breast milk after all.
84.	Friends (1994 TV Series)
Episode: The One with the Ride Along (1999)
When Phoebe tells the friends Gary took her along in a police patrol car, the boys insist to make a ride with him too- and get it that very night. Monica decides that's a perfect opportunity to catalog the photos most methodically, but one touch by Rachel undoes all her work; for comfort she sends Rachel to Ross's place for margarita ingredients, so she overhears there Emily on the machine express doubt whether she and Ross were right to call of their marriage. Rachel is reluctant to erase the message as Monica insists, but accidentally pushes that button. She decides to wait for Ross and let him decide, but seeing he intends to call Emily she stops him. Leave it to Joey to focus on 'the best sandwich in the world' he picks up on the way and isn't allowed to eat in the patrol car as it drips. When the boys confuse a car exhaust with a gun shot, Joey dives in front of Ross, so Gary calls him heroic police-material. Chandler is vexed, believing Joey cares more for Ross, but learns the truth: his buddy's primary instinct was to protect the sandwich.
85.	Friends (1994 TV Series)
Episode: The One with Ross's Wedding: Part Two (1998)
Ross' and Emily's parents meet and prove quite antagonistic; Stephen and Andrea Waltham enjoy that the Gellers pay for the wedding, against tradition, but Jack feels the list of expenses at their house is highway robbery, so Ross tries to mediate. Joey is terribly homesick, despite playing best man jointly with Chandler. Rachel misses her flight having forgotten her passport, and on the next annoys the gentleman sitting besides her to death who is quite happy to disagree with her all the way. The rehearsal dinner is hell for Chandler and Monica, who doubts whether she'll ever find a partner- and wakes up in bed with Chandler the next morning. Phoebe phones Joey he must warn Ross Rachel is coming, but she gets straight to him in Montgomery Hall, and at the last moment just congratulates him, so the wedding goes on, with Joey reporting over the phone to Phoebe. However, when the couple pledges eternal fidelity, Ross inadvertently says 'Rachel' instead of Emily...
86.	Dirty 30 (2016)
Evie is acting out, Charlie is coming out and Kate is freaking out. Kate has only a few days to turn her life around before she turns Dirty 30, but with three best friends and zero rules, anything's possible!Kate has only a few days to turn her life around before she turns Dirty 30, but with three best friends and zero rules, anything's possible!
87.	Star Trek (1966 TV Series)
The adventures of the USS Enterprise, representing the United Federation of Planets on a five-year mission in outer space to explore new worlds, seek new life and new civilizations, and to boldly go where no man has gone before. The Enterprise is commanded by handsome and brash Captain James T. Kirk. His First Officer and best friend is Mr. Spock from the planet Vulcan, and Kirk's Medical Officer is Dr. Leonard "Bones" McCoy. With its crew of approximately 430, the Enterprise battles aliens, megalomanical computers, time paradoxes, psychotic murderers, and even Khan!
88.	Star Trek (1966 TV Series)
Episode: Where No Man Has Gone Before (1966)
When the Enterprise attempts to penetrate a space barrier, it is damaged and creates a potentially worse problem. Two crew members, including Kirk's best friend, gain psionic powers that are growing at exponentially. This leaves Captain Kirk with the difficult choice; either marooning them or killing before they get so powerful they lose their humanity and become truly dangerous.
89.	Star Trek (1966 TV Series)
Episode: Catspaw (1967)
On Pyrus VII, Crewman Jackson from the landing party returns dead while Sulu and Scott remain missing. Once transported back, the dead crewman explains in an eerie voice that the Enterprise is cursed and must leave the planet. Captain Kirk beams down with Dr. McCoy and Spock to investigate and finds eerie mists, wailing witches, a cobwebbed castle, a shadowy dungeon, and a wand-wielding wizard with a feline familiar - all the trappings of trick-or-treat from two alien visitors from a galaxy so dissimilar that they can only, at best, connect with the twilight zone areas of human consciousness.
90.	Star Trek (1966 TV Series)
Episode: Wolf in the Fold (1967)
On Dr. McCoy's orders, Mr. Scott joins him and Captain Kirk on shore-leave on Argelius II, where the natives, especially the women, are extremely accommodating. Suddenly they find Mr. Scott shivering with a knife in his hand used to repeatedly stab Kara, a girl whose corpse lies at his feet. The local prefect and Mr. Hengist, a foreigner employed as administrator, lead the murder investigation. The Enterprise beams down a psycho-tricorder to probe Scott's mind, but the murder knife to stir the prefect's empathic wife Sybo is found in the chamber where Scott was to be examined, in his hand- with crew member Lt. Karen Tracy similarly stabbed to death at his feet. The empath senses an ancient devouring evil, but the session is ended by a knife killing her. The investigation beams up to the Enterprise, where the best equipment and computer records produce a surprising lead.
91.	Criminal Minds (2005 TV Series)
Episode: Extreme Aggressor (2005)
Supervisory Special Agent Jason Gideon, who has been on a six-month medical leave from his job as lead profiler of the Behavioral Analysis Unit (BAU) of the FBI, is called back to work. Gideon was on leave due to stress related to the case in Boston of bomber Adrian Bale, the case where Gideon's decision left six agents dead. Unknown to Gideon, who is the best profiler on the team, Unit head Aaron Hotchner is asked to assess Gideon's mental fitness as they work through the first case to see whether Gideon is really ready to return to work full-time. Gideon's first case is that of the Seattle Strangler, who has been kidnapping women and holding them prisoner for no longer than a week before strangling them to death. This case brings Hotch to his old stomping grounds. Also working on the case is Seattle based agent Elle Greenaway, who aspires to join the BAU. The Seattle Strangler's latest kidnap victim is Heather Woodland, in whose email Inbox the Seattle Strangler left an email virus. After Gideon puts together a profile, they believe the unsub is Richard Slessman, a convicted serial rapist. When they pick up Slessman, the pieces do not all fit together, but they do believe Slessman at least knows what is going on. They have to work fast to get the information from Slessman.
92.	Criminal Minds (2005 TV Series)
Episode: The Hunt (2015)
Kate receives a text from Meg of what is the beginning of their emergency code word. Kate does quickly discover that it is not Meg acting out as she has been of late, but that she and her best friend Markayla are in trouble, having been seen voluntarily getting into an unknown van, shortly before their cell phones went dark. The BAU is certain they were abducted when Garcia discovers that both Meg and Markayla's computer activity has been wiped clean, the thought being that they met their abductors through social media. Evidence from one of their friends leads to Kate knowing that the abduction has to do with one of their old cases, the torso killings, which Kate investigated further on a tangential issue. As such, they believe Meg and Markayla were abducted by a sex trafficking ring. Looking into an associated issue, they eventually come to the realization that it is not sex trafficking, but trafficking of a more dangerous variety. Regardless of the nature of the trafficking, they know that finding the abductors may not be the end of the road. As Kate deals with this case from home on orders from her doctor, she hopes she taught Meg well enough in how to deal with the situation to buy them some time.
93.	Criminal Minds (2005 TV Series)
Episode: Mr. & Mrs. Anderson (2014)
The BAU travels to Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, where two young women, in two separate incidents, were found dumped at the side of the highway, strangled to death. Both were semi-clad, wrapped in a shower curtain, which they later learn is commercial grade used by hotels, but neither victim was sexually assaulted. By tracking the last known whereabouts of one of the victims, they are able to trace her to a nearby motel where an unusual piece of evidence is found leading to that belief that there are two unsubs, one male and one female. On the BAU's directive, Pittsburgh PD discover that several murders can be attributed to the pair dating back to 1994, with a few breaks in time periods. But another subsequent victim not fitting the profile of any of the other victims and finding a victim of one of the past crimes who survived the attack may lead the team to the identities of the unsubs. In tracking the pair, the team may also learn how solid or fragile their actual partnership is, and if it is the latter, what they can do to work that relationship to their best advantage. Meanwhile, Morgan and Garcia share their Valentine's Day plans and problems with each other.
94.	Criminal Minds (2005 TV Series)
Episode: The Boogeyman (2006)
From the dual police and internal FBI investigation into her fatal shooting of Dayton, Ohio serial rapist William Lee, Greenaway is totally exonerated, the shooting deemed self-defense. Hotch still decides to place her under psychological evaluation as her actions in that case lead him to believe she is still harboring issues from her near death in the Fisher King case. She does not make the evaluation process easy for Hotch. The two ultimately come to an understanding. Meanwhile without Hotch or Greenaway, the BAU work on a case in Ozona, Texas - population 2,500 - of adolescents individually having been beaten to death by blunt force to the head, their bodies found in the woods. By the time the BAU arrive in Ozona, three are dead. In addition to the investigation and debrief with local authorities, the BAU speak to both parents and children in how best to protect themselves, the children told to work on the buddy system, never going anywhere without a friend. The BAU are certain that the unsub is someone local. Local legend points to there being a boogeyman living in the hills, he actually being a recluse named Joseph Finnegan. The authorities find evidence in his house, but additional evidence that he could not have killed the children. But a set of fingerprints found in the house could prove to be vital in finding the unsub.
95.	Criminal Minds (2005 TV Series)
Episode: Safe Haven (2010)
Two families consisting of a mother, father and two children are murdered in two consecutive days in the Iowa/Nebraska border area. The children are strangled, the mothers killed by blunt force trauma and the fathers stabbed multiple times. The father in the second set of murders was also eviscerated crudely postmortem, meaning that it was done not as torture but rather out of curiosity. The autopsies show that the mothers suffered the most pain in their deaths, making the BAU believe that the mothers are the key to the unsub's rage. In reviewing the crime scenes, the BAU come to the realization that the unsub was known to the victims and that he is a minor. As the BAU determine more about the unsub, including that he is a ward with a criminal record, the unsub is dealing with his next target, the Riverton family, its mother, Nancy Riverton who does her best to temper the inner rage of the unsub. Evidence at one of the earlier crime scenes leads the BAU to come to understand where the unsub is heading which if they get there in time may save both Nancy Riverton and the unsub's ultimate target. Meanwhile, Morgan receives an unexpected visitor from Los Angeles. While working on the case in Iowa and Nebraska, Morgan has to figure out what to do with his guest, both in the short term and the long term.
96.	Criminal Minds (2005 TV Series)
Episode: In Heat (2008)
Charles Luvet is found floating dead in a marina in Miami, Florida. He is the third and latest dead person in the area fitting the same profile and cause of death: fit white males in their mid twenties to thirties, traveling through the area, with the cause of death being asphyxiation and no sign of sexual abuse. Small possessions of each of the victims are taken, but not pawned. Four other men that match the victimology are also missing. The one distinct difference with Luvet is that he is a police officer. The person tasked with identifying Luvet's body is his fellow NOPD police officer, Detective Will LaMontagne, who worked on the Jones case with the BAU a year earlier. His initial second meeting with the BAU is an awkward one if only because he and J.J. are in a relationship, of which she has not told anyone on the team and which she still wants to keep a secret from them. The BAU add one more piece to the victimology when they learn that Luvet lied about his reason for traveling to Miami. When another victim is found, the BAU understand the motive for the killings and the need to take personal items from the victims. The BAU believe the key to finding the unsub is buried somewhere in the victims' or missing persons' files. Meanwhile, back at Quantico, Garcia and Kevin's relationship is progressing. And what some believe are best kept secrets aren't exactly so.
97.	Criminal Minds (2005 TV Series)
Episode: True Genius (2012)
The BAU is called to the San Francisco Bay area when a young couple named David Atley and Nicole Puli are found shot to death, with evidence pointing to the unsub being the Zodiac Killer, who has not been heard from since 1974. The local police detective leading the investigation believes it to be the work of the real Zodiac Killer, but Hotch, Rossi and Reid believe that it is not, especially since there has been no evolution in the nature of these latest killings since those by the real Zodiac Killer. The team nonetheless follow leads back to the original investigation, including tracking those who were involved in that investigation as well as anyone who either wrote about it or tracked the investigation. They are hindered in the investigation by an anxious and sometime media hungry public who want to cash in on the Zodiac Killer's notoriety. They are also helped and hindered when they learn the unsub has a genius IQ, he who may understand the BAU's tactics. As the BAU goes through their investigation, the unsub takes his childhood best friend on an unwanted trip down memory lane, which could be his and that best friend's downfall. Meanwhile, Reid, on meeting a fellow prodigy at a violent crimes seminar, questions whether he has achieved enough in life - which includes choosing to be an FBI agent - as he hits the milestone age of thirty.
98.	Criminal Minds (2005 TV Series)
Episode: Out of the Light (2011)
A barely alive young Jane Doe is found on a cliff-side road outside of rural Lake Worth, North Carolina, she who seemingly jumped or fell off the cliff. The BAU are called in because many of her pre-fall injuries - stab wounds - are consistent with another Jane Doe body found in the area three years earlier. The BAU quickly come to the conclusion that the unsub is a sexual sadist and predator who is abducting these women and holding them captive, this latest Jane Doe who probably saw an opportunity to escape. Upon arrival in the area, the BAU discover a recently tampered with mass grave filled with other young, primarily blond, women. The latest Jane Doe, who eventually succumbs to her injuries, is ultimately identified as Angela Proctor, who was traveling with her best friend, Marcy Owens, who is also missing and presumed held captive by the unsub. The BAU come up with a suspect named Marcus Talbot, a known past sexual predator who is currently a high school art teacher in Lake Worth. The more the team searches through Talbot's possessions, the more he looks to be the unsub, despite he professing his innocence. But it's what is found buried in his yard that provides the strongest clue to Talbot's guilt or innocence, which in turn hopefully will lead to a still alive Marcy. On a lighter note, Hotch has been asked to coach Jack's soccer team.
99.	Criminal Minds (2005 TV Series)
Episode: North Mammon (2006)
A "friend of a friend" of J.J.'s, Judy Homefeldt makes a desperate plea to J.J. to help her find Polly Homefeldt, Brooke Chambers and Kelly Seymour who are Judy's daughter and Polly's best friends living in North Mammon, Pennsylvania. The three are high school seniors, just about to graduate, soccer stars and model students. Judy swears the threesome have been missing for five days, yet the authorities were not convinced that the girls were missing until they discover that the girls left two word-for-word identical and oddly worded telephone messages with their respective parents. Even with this evidence, the local police are still skeptical about the girls being abducted, but based on the telephone messages, the BAU believe that something will happen to the girls in two days, the night of a big championship high school football game. High school football has always been an all consuming passion of the town. The case is difficult for the BAU with which to proceed since North Mammon is a small town where everyone knows everyone, and knowing that one of their own is an abductor would lead to a witch hunt and vigilante-ism. As the case proceeds, the relations of North Mammon residents shows itself not to be as congenial as the residents would like to believe. Meanwhile, the girls are indeed being held against their will, their unknown male captor telling them that they must choose between the three who will die. The girls, who are being deprived of food and water, may end up being easy prey in the unsub's game.
100.	Criminal Minds (2005 TV Series)
Episode: Revelations (2007)
Gone to interview Tobias Hankel regarding the murder of Dennis and Lacey Kyle in rural Georgia, Reid and J.J. realize that he is Raphael, the sole unsub in the case. A self-taught computer techie, Hankel is channeling both Charles Hankel, his deceased father who was an abusive religious fanatic and who was the second voice on the 911 calls, and Raphael the arc angel who is acting as the objective mediator between Hankel Jr. and Sr. In Hankel's barn, J.J. is traumatized by almost being killed by Hankel's rabid dogs who previously ravaged Helen Douglas to death while she was tied up alive. Reid however is not as lucky. Hankel has abducted Reid and fled, for which J.J. feels responsible. Knowing that Hankel kills those who have sinned, the BAU know that Reid's chances of survival are predicated on his ability to convince Hankel that he has not sinned. Meanwhile, Reid is in a moral quandary over things that "Charles" has asked him to do. Reid is also under the influence of narcotics, and dreams about his own childhood while under. During his lucid moments, Reid believes his best chance of survival is to negotiate with "Tobias", the scared and sympathetic one of the three.
101.	Criminal Minds (2005 TV Series)
Episode: Limelight (2008)
From a South Philadelphia, Pennsylvania auction of a self-storage unit's mystery contents, the purchasers find some boxes containing disturbing materials: graphic violent sexual fantasy drawings and related text. There is also human skin, nails and hair along with it. The items in combination indicate a serial sexual predator in the making, or one that is already at work. In searching through the storage unit, the BAU come up with a profile of both the unsub and his intended victims. Based on this information, they identify several female victims from unsolved cases fitting the victim profile: naked at the time of death with electrical burn marks to their body. They are all thirty-something brunettes, in what can be viewed as strong professional careers, which could be emasculating to a weak male. When the case accidentally goes public, it goes in an entirely different direction where the unsub seems to want to play the story out in front of the authorities. The BAU are assisted and at the same time hindered on the case by Jill Morris, the FBI's Philadelphia case agent. She seems to be more interested in making a name for herself than doing what is best to abduct the unsub. But she unknowingly also may play into the final chapter of the unsub's story.
102.	Criminal Minds (2005 TV Series)
Episode: Nanny Dearest (2013)
The BAU returns to a six year old active case of nannies and their charge, one pair per year, being abducted in parks up and down the California coast. The children are found alive and unharmed within 24 hours, but the nannies are eventually found dead, with the exception of one, Tara Rios, who, in 2010, managed to escape but was so traumatized by her ordeal that she remembers nothing and now refuses to assist with the case anymore. The victims were physically assaulted, burned with hot implements, and drowned in scalding water. The unsub has always made sure that the bodies were found in a Los Angeles park on May 13, that date this year being a few weeks away, the reason for the team's current work. The team is late as the unsub has struck earlier than usual this year, abducting a nanny named Gina Mendes and her charge, two year old Phoebe Payton. This abduction ends up being different than the other five in that Phoebe is not returned within 24 hours, which is all the more dangerous for her since she suffers from asthma and requires medication to control it. The team feels that Tara is still their best hope in finding the unsub, which may place them in a tenuous situation as she is still not mentally prepared to relive the ordeal, as supported by her therapist. This case ends up being a difficult one for J.J. as the mother of a young child.
103.	Criminal Minds (2005 TV Series)
Episode: I Love You, Tommy Brown (2012)
The BAU is called to Seattle, Washington, where two couples have been murdered execution style in their respective homes. There is no sign of forced entry in either case, there was no sexual assault, and the gunshot wounds were muffled by the use of a pillow. By the time the team reaches Seattle, a third couple has been murdered with the same MO. Each couple were upstanding citizens and community minded. The team learns that a common link between all three is that each belonged to the emergency foster parent list. The team surmises that the female unsub has access to that foster parent list, and has either lost a child herself or is infertile and wants a child. They also surmise that she is killing in lieu of a child not being in the home at the time of entry into the home. But when the team learns that the same child was recently in each home, they know that the unsub is the birth mother. When they find out her identity, they learn that her mission is not one solely of getting back the child but also the baby's father. Meanwhile, Garcia notices that Kevin and Morgan are having a clandestine conversation, which worries her because the two never talk to each other, nor will they disclose the nature of their conversation. Garcia believes the worse, which to most others would be the best.
104.	Criminal Minds (2005 TV Series)
Episode: It Takes a Village (2011)
It's been seven months since Prentiss' death, and three months since JJ returned to the unit to fill Prentiss' empty position. Ever since Prentiss' death, Morgan had been working to find and capture Prentiss' murderer, Ian Doyle, first unsanctioned but then within the scope of the team but still without any government authority. It is because of that unsanctioned nature that the team members individually are appearing at a senate committee hearing into the case, which led to the death of two agents. Morgan felt the best way to locate Doyle was to locate his son, Declan, who Prentiss spent the better part of her post-Interpol life protecting. Morgan did find Declan. But Declan went missing shortly thereafter. The team didn't believe Doyle kidnapped Declan, but rather enemies of Doyle's did. Hotch decided that one person could have special insight into the case, and made a unilateral decision to bring her in much like the unilateral decision he made without the team's knowledge seven months earlier.
105.	NCIS: Naval Criminal Investigative Service (2003 TV Series)
Episode: The Namesake (2012)
The Virginia State Police calls the NCIS to a shooting of a Navy petty officer first-class; Gibbs and company find the murder weapon at the scene; Abby traces the piece to a pawnshop in Maryland, then Gibbs and Tony trace it to Kim, a young woman. While at the shop Tony sees a Medal of Honor and asks about it; Leroy Jethro Moore had received it for valor during World War II; Gibbs recognizes the name of his father's former best friend, for whom Jackson had named his son. Kim says that she gave the pistol to Kris, her brother, who says that someone stole it from the trunk of his car, and who later identifies a motorcycle and a rider. The team find the pieces and put them together, then with help from a billionaire and $1M, they find the shooter, to whom the whole gang plus a couple of friends give a good-morning hello. Gibbs helps his father and his old friend to overcome an old difficulty. Meanwhile Abby declines an interesting dinner date.
106.	NCIS: Naval Criminal Investigative Service (2003 TV Series)
Episode: Loose Cannons (2016)
When some MP's are shot, Gibbs investigates. TheMP's are brought to the hospital where Dr. Taft operates. Also one of the shooters is brought in, Gibbs tells Taft he needs to talk to him but Taft says he needs to try and help him as best as he can but the man dies. Gibbs learns the MP's caught some men who were robbing an armory. Taft goes to see Ducky because while he was operating on the man he saw something. They discover that the man has an implant in his arm but the implant is for the leg. They check the serial number and discover that it was implanted in a man who died in Sudan. So they think that someone there is stealing implants from corpses. And since Jeanne Benoit's organization works in Sudan, Gibbs wants Tony to ask her if they can about it. Tony's nervous about seeing her. He and Taft meet her husband who is extremely grateful for him saving him. Apparently Jeanne didn't tell her husband the full extent of their relationship. When they mention about weapons being stolen it brings back memories of her father. Tony assures him they are not looking for arms dealers. But later evidence surfaces linking to her father, so they have to talk to her about it. Taft is still trying to get Gibbs to see a therapist.
107.	NCIS: Naval Criminal Investigative Service (2003 TV Series)
Episode: Troll (2015)
A Naval ensign crashes her car and dies from her throat being slashed. The team goes to investigate. When they check her out they discover her file is unattainable. It seems she works for Naval Intelligence because of her exceptional computer skills. When McGee gets her computer, it's hard to enter so Cyber crimes sends there best man, Dorneget to help. They eventually learn that the ensign logged on to the net using another man's computer. When they go to the man, he denies knowing the ensign and refuses to cooperate. When they try to get a warrant, it's denied because the NSA already has him under surveillance. Bishop asks her husband to help but he's reluctant to.
108.	NCIS: Naval Criminal Investigative Service (2003 TV Series)
Episode: Caught on Tape (2005)
A Marine sergeant dies, apparently from a fall, in the Shenandoah River State Park, near Bentonville, Virginia, while hiking with his wife and his best friend, another sergeant; Gibbs and company investigate. Ducky finds a wood-fiber fragment in the victim's scalp, Abby identifies it, and Gibbs interprets the identification. The victim used a videocamera, which McGee finds, and from which Abby recovers recent footage; she puts together what she calls a nature documentary with a riveting murder-mystery subplot with an alternate ending. McGee encounters leaves of three, and Gibbs and Kate find and chase a suspect. Gibbs and Kate take the widow and the best friend to different chat rooms, then to the same one. The team figure it out, and Kate adopts a pet.
109.	House of Cards (2013 TV Series)
Episode: Chapter 19 (2014)
Doug continues to keep a close eye on Rachel and her dealings. Jackie has an extended meeting with Remy. Claire is manipulating both Christina and the first lady. The FBI comes after Janine, who is forced to lie to ease her own life. Just when Francis is making a speech in front of a baseball crowd, the electricity goes out. Raymond Tusk is suspected to have caused this event but Francis deals with the situation as he knows best.
110.	The Vampire Diaries (2009 TV Series)
The vampire brothers Damon and Stefan Salvatore, eternal adolescents, having been leading "normal" lives, hiding their bloodthirsty condition, for centuries, moving on before their non-aging is noticed. They are back in the Virginia town where they became vampires. Stefan is noble, denying himself blood to avoid killing, and tries to control his evil brother Damon, who promised to Stefan an eternity of misery. Stefan falls in love with schoolgirl Elena, who has an uncanny resemblance to the Salvatore brothers old love, Katherine; and whose best friend Bonnie, is a witch.
The series follows the life of Elena Gilbert (Nina Dobrev), a teenage girl who falls deeply in love with a 162-year-old vampire named Stefan Salvatore (Paul Wesley). Their relationship becomes increasingly complicated as Stefan's vicious, malevolent and mysterious older brother Damon Salvatore (Ian Somerhalder) returns with a plan to wreak havoc on the town, seeking revenge against his younger brother. Because Elena resembles their past love Katherine Pierce, Damon also begins to fall in love with Elena. While Elena unravels the secrets of Mystic Falls, she discovers that Bonnie, her best friend, is a witch.
111.	The Vampire Diaries (2009 TV Series)
Episode: Fade Into You (2014)
Kai shows Bonnie his parental home and falsely promises to let her have his car and go after a dinner. Her magic, transported with Damon in the teddy-bear, makes the difference when he, skeptic Stefano and Alaric visit the Gemini coven home, amazed it was magically cloaked invisible. Jo now must disclose she's Kai's twin sister, who survived the non-general massacre in their home, which is about the coven's tradition to be ruled by the survivor of twins who must fight each-other to the death reaching age 22, as they did and Luke and Liv will soon, but their powerful patriarch is ready to go to bloody extremes, turning on Damon's party, the best possible weapon being the knife Kai hid after slashing most siblings. Jo cleaned the medical records to prevent Liam finding out about the vampires, but he overhears too much at dinner, so Elena compels him into oblivion , intending o dump him.
112.	The Vampire Diaries (2009 TV Series)
Episode: Kill 'Em All (2016)
With Bonnie's life at stake and an uphill battle ahead of them, Damon and Enzo lead the charge to save Bonnie before her condition worsens. Stefan reluctantly teams up with Matt for the sake of Bonnie and uncovers the truth behind Matt's anger towards him. Elsewhere, determined to help her best friend, Caroline joins Alaric on a mission and quickly realizes how much she's missed her former supernatural lifestyle. Finally, after their plan takes an unexpected turn, Damon makes a fateful decision that will forever change his relationship with Bonnie.
113.	The Vampire Diaries (2009 TV Series)
Episode: The World Has Turned and Left Me Here (2014)
Stefan is still coping with the loss of his brother. Tripp is a creepy as ever. Ivy faces some new challenges. Caroline tries to help Ivy and witnesses something awful. Damon and Bonnie keep trying how to figure out how to go home, while Kai continues to be crazy. Elena asks Liam to the Homecoming Corn Maze, which consists of unexpected events. Liv helps Tyler with a rough time and he tries to do the same for her. Alaric tries to get out more like Elena suggested and goes to Homecoming, which may not be the best idea.
114.	The Vampire Diaries (2009 TV Series)
Episode: Cold as Ice (2015)
With the holidays in full swing, a search for Julian leads Damon and Stefan to a small town outside of Mystic Falls. While managing a holiday toy drive at Whitmore College, Bonnie seeks help from Nora and the two strike up an unlikely friendship. Elsewhere, Caroline does her best to navigate her new life as a pregnant vampire, while Alaric grows concerned that the pregnancy is affecting her more than she's letting on. Finally, after finding himself at odds with Damon, Stefan is forced to take matters into his own hands, setting off a tragic chain of events that leaves their lives changed forever.
115.	The Vampire Diaries (2009 TV Series)
Episode: 162 Candles (2009)
On his birthday, Stefan is surprised by a visit from Lexi, one of his oldest vampire friends. Still upset by the way events ended at the Halloween haunted house, Elena does her best to stay away from Stefan, but Lexi gives her some unsolicited relationship advice. Meanwhile, both Elena and Jenna are surprised by a change in Jeremy's behavior in the wake of Vicki's "disapearance". But only Elena knows that Damon's mind-wipe powers did something to her brother. At Damon's insistence, Caroline tries to get his medallion back from Bonnie who continues to study her wiccan heritages with her grandmother's help. Elsewhere, Damon's offer to help Sheriff Forbes has sudden and tragic results since she does not know that he is the vampire that she and her circle of hunters are looking for.
116.	The Vampire Diaries (2009 TV Series)
Episode: Our Town (2012)
Although Caroline is in no mood to celebrate her 18th birthday, Elena, Bonnie and Matt surprise her with a small party in an unusual location. Damon and Stefan disagree on the best way to handle Klaus, and a reckless Stefan decides to test his theory by taking things to dangerous extremes. Bonnie is concerned when Elena tells her about Jeremy's new plans. At a Founder's meeting, Alaric once again runs into Dr. Fell, who is in the middle of an argument with her ex-boyfriend, the medical examiner. Tyler refuses to go along with Klaus' latest demand, and is surprised when Klaus seems to accept his decision.
117.	The Vampire Diaries (2009 TV Series)
Episode: Gods and Monsters (2016)
Despite their best efforts to help Bonnie through the harrowing predicament she now faces, Damon, Enzo and Caroline realize their options are running out and drastic measures need to be taken. With their only chance of saving their friend lying inside the Armory, Stefan breaks the news to Caroline that they may need help from an unlikely source - her and Alaric's twin daughters. Elsewhere, Enzo keeps Bonnie preoccupied by bringing her back to their cabin but when his plan takes an unexpected turn, it'll be up to Damon to make the ultimate sacrifice to save his closest friends. Matt also appears.
118.	The Vampire Diaries (2009 TV Series)
Episode: Isobel (2010)
Isobel returns to Mystic Falls and promises to kill Alaric's students if he does not schedule a meeting with Elena. When they meet each other, she forces Elena to bring Jonathan Gilbert's invention to her to avoid a crime spree in the town. Bonnie tells that there is a spell made by Emily in the invention to kill vampires but she also tells that she is able to remove it. The reluctant Damon delivers the device to Elena and Bonnie pretends that the spell was removed. But she lied to her best friend.
119.	The Vampire Diaries (2009 TV Series)
Episode: Fifty Shades of Grayson (2013)
Having escaped from Wes's torture dungeon, Damon gets Stefano to help save Elena. As leverage, they kidnap Wes's charge Aaron and propose an exchange. Instead of honoring it, Wes fields already vindictive Enzo, whom he kept alive all that time and now keeps in check by injecting a fatal toxin, demanding Damon's head for the antidote. Elena is horrified to learn from Wes that her late father also continued the Augustine vampire experiments and that Damon has been wiping out each generation of the Whitmore family except one male to continue his equally gruesome revenge. Katherine enjoys sex with Stefano, but desperate needs Traveller help to stop her fatal fast aging, so she she turns to Matt, who makes her realize scorned daughter Nadia is her best bet, with the heirloom knife.
120.	The Vampire Diaries (2009 TV Series)
Episode: Daddy Issues (2011)
Johnathan Gilbert's return to Mystic Falls comes as an unhappy surprise to Elena, Jenna and Damon. Caroline lets Stefan know about her conversation with Tyler, and Stefan does his best to reach out to a confused and conflicted Tyler. Jeremy comforts Bonnie after her disturbing conversation with Jonas. When Jules takes a hostage, the situation quickly escalates into a violent confrontation.
121.	The Vampire Diaries (2009 TV Series)
Episode: Founder's Day (2010)
Founder's Day has finally arrived, and everyone is busy with last-minute preparations for floats and fireworks. Stefan is uncomfortable with Damon's new attitude toward Elena, but Elena is more concerned about repairing her relationship with Jeremy. Jeremy is worried about Anna, but not sure he's on board with her latest plan for the future. While Caroline is enjoying her day as Queen of the celebration, she also tries to help Matt and Tyler get their friendship back on track. Finally, although Damon and Alaric do their best to stop him, Johnathan Gilbert sets a plan in motion that brings Founder's Day to an end amid chaos, destruction and death.
122.	The Vampire Diaries (2009 TV Series)
Episode: Memorial (2012)
Pastor Young's posse is killed in an explosion, so sheriff and mayoress are reinstated. Tyler is back in his body and happy with Caroline, who can't help worrying constantly, while he chooses to seize the day. The Salvatore brothers disagree violently how best to help Elena, who has been turned into a vampire: either seeking Stefan's probably naive control attempts or Damon's 'short pain', while she still contemplates death as only way out. Matt provides an urgent compromise during pastor Young's memorial service, which is widely attended, also by his niece April and outsider Connor Jordan, whom Damon correctly mistrusted as he's a seasoned, well-armed slayer.
123.	The Vampire Diaries (2009 TV Series)
Episode: Hold Me, Thrill Me, Kiss Me, Kill Me (2015)
As Julian and Lily throw a party to celebrate Mary Louise and Nora's anniversary, Stefan and Damon set in motion a risky plan to eliminate a new threat posed by Julian. Meanwhile, following a major revelation uncovered by Valerie, Caroline is forced to face her new reality, even as it threatens to destroy her relationship with Stefan. Finally, determined to do what's best for her family, Lily makes the most difficult decision of her life.
124.	The Vampire Diaries (2009 TV Series)
Episode: Dead Man on Campus (2013)
At Whitmore College, Elena and Caroline decide it's time to throw a big party, but their plans are interrupted when Jesse suddenly needs Caroline's help. At Elena's request, Damon comes up with an effective method to get Wes to answer his questions. At the party, Elena finds that she and Aaron have a lot in common, and Caroline grows more concerned about Jesse. Meanwhile, Katherine does a favor for Matt and manages to get through to Stefan, who is still struggling to overcome the events of the summer. Finally, Bonnie does her best to cope with her new reality, and Damon makes a terrifying discovery about a secret society.
125.	The Vampire Diaries (2009 TV Series)
Episode: The Birthday (2011)
On the morning of Elena's 18th birthday, Caroline is busy planning a party, but Elena is focused on searching for any clues that might help her discover where Stefan is. Damon is also searching for Stefan, while trying to protect Elena and keep her from doing anything that would draw Klaus' attention. Meanwhile, Klaus and Stefan are busy trailing a werewolf named Ray Sutton. Now working at the Mystic Grill along with Matt, Jeremy is struggling to understand why he keeps seeing the ghosts of Vicki and Anna since he was brought back to life by Bonnie's magic. Meanwhile, Alaric does his best to watch over Elena and Jeremy, while dealing with his grief over Jenna's death. Finally, Caroline and Tyler face a new and unexpected challenge.
126.	Downton Abbey (2010 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.5 (2010)
Rumors about Lady Mary's character are circulating in London as news of her nighttime encounter with the young Turkish diplomat begin to spread. It's all thanks to a letter Thomas the footman has written to a mate who in turn has passed it on to his employer. Thomas is worried after John Bates sees him taking a bottle of wine from the pantry. O'Brien suggests they need to neutralize him and set him up to be accused of theft. Mrs. Patmore's poor eyesight causes a major problem when she uses salt instead sugar for the desert. It's also time for the annual Downton Village flower show where Lady Violet, the Dowager Countess, always seems to win the prize for best bloom, something Isobel Crawley takes issue with. Sibling rivalry between Mary and Edith may have greater implications.
127.	Downton Abbey (2010 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #3.6 (2012)
Cora is still cold to Robert following Sybil's funeral and he is not best pleased when Tom announces that he wants his daughter, also to be named Sybil, to be raised as a Catholic, especially as Cora and her daughters back the young Irishman. He also clashes with Matthew over the running of the estate and there is further humiliation for him when Isobel invites the ladies of Downton to a dinner cooked by Ethel and, tipped off by the sanctimonious Carson, he tries to get them to leave because of Ethel's past, all of them defying him. Daisy visits her late husband's father, Mr Mason, who suggests she come to help him on his farm whilst Anna receives a letter saying that John is to be freed after Mrs Bartlett's evidence, though John has had to use threats for the outcome to be reached.
128.	Downton Abbey (2010 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #3.7 (2012)
Thomas fears for his job as Robert's valet and not just because John has been released back to Downton Abbey, to the delight of everybody else. The vengeful O'Brien, attempting to advance Alfred in the household, has tricked him into believing that his feelings for Jimmy are reciprocated, leading him to make a disastrous play for the shocked footman. And O'Brien makes sure that Carson finds out. Robert is doubly annoyed. Edith has decided to go to London and accept the journalist post, where she is charmed by magazine editor Gregson. Furthermore Matthew is insisting the estate be overhauled with new machinery, to make it self-sufficient. Tom's brother Kieran arrives from Liverpool for the wedding and does not endear himself to the family. However, when the old estate manager resigns in protest at Matthew's proposals Cora suggests Tom, who has farming knowledge, take on the job rather than return with Kieran to work in his garage. Isobel is angry with Violet who, claiming to act in Ethel's best interests, has suggested she move to an area where her situation is not known.
129.	Downton Abbey (2010 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #3.1 (2012)
Spring 1920:- Mary and Matthew's wedding is fast approaching. O'Brien fixes for her nephew Alfred, a former hotel waiter, to be the new footman though Carson finds him inefficient whilst Daisy is annoyed that, in view of the amount of cooking she does, she is still a kitchen maid and has not been promoted. Anna finds a list of all Vera's contacts and tells John she intends to write to them to discover if any of them found her suicidal. Robert, meanwhile, finds the future of Downton Abbey at risk due to money problems but Matthew annoys Mary by refusing a legacy left him by Lavinia's father. Sybil and Tom Branson arrive from Ireland - paid for by Violet - but Tom's new situation causes some awkwardness,largely for himself and the officious Carson, though he is supported by the Crawleys. When Tom appears drunk and vocal at dinner, Edith's gentlemanly admirer Sir Anthony exposes snobbish guest Larry Grey as having drugged him and Matthew asks Tom to be his best man. Tom reciprocates by reconciling Mary and Matthew. Another guest, Cora's brash American mother, Martha Levinson, turns up and there is an inevitable clash with Violet over Old and New World values.
130.	Downton Abbey (2010 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.1 (2010)
April 1912:- The heir to the title of Earl of Grantham, long time inhabitant of Downton Abbey, perishes on the 'Titanic'. Robert, the benevolent current earl, owes his wealth to his American wife Cora but they have only three daughters, who cannot inherit by law, so another heir must be found by marrying off Mary, the eldest girl. The Duke of Crowborough is a possibility but he is a closet gay who only has eyes for Thomas, the handsome but obnoxious footman, and soon departs. Robert's mother, the dowager, and Cora decide that the next best candidate is Matthew Crawley, a distant cousin, but Cora knows that the spirited Mary will not be happy with their choice. Downstairs there is also unrest as Thomas is passed over for promotion to valet in favour of Robert's batman from the Boer War, John Bates, who now limps due to a war wound. Along with Cora's maid Miss O'Brien, Thomas schemes to discredit Bates in the eyes of butler Carson and forces his resignation but Robert intervenes and keeps him on. Thomas vents his anger on second footman William, but he has an ally in the sensible housekeeper Mrs. Hughes.
131.	Downton Abbey (2010 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #2.8 (2011)
Matthew and Lavinia's wedding is fast approaching and Matthew is now walking with the use of a cane. He does tell Lady Mary of his true feelings. Ethel learns that her baby's grandparents want to see the child but she isn't quite prepared for what they have to offer. Branson has obtained a position as a journalist in Dublin and Sybil tells her parents and grandmother that they are to be married. They do their best to try and break them up. Thomas learns that he's been had and that his black market goods are worthless. Carson won't have him back. Carson falls quite ill and he is the first of several who has Spanish flu, including Lady Cora and Lavinia. Bates and Anna have their own plans to marry.
132.	Downton Abbey (2010 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #3.4 (2012)
Everyone is upset when Tom arrives at Downton, on the run from the law and without Sybil who should join him in a few days. Lord Grantham is outraged that he's left her behind. Edith is searching for something to do for the rest of her life and may have found it when The Times publishes her letter on women's right to vote. Lord Grantham insists that Matthew review the estate's financial records and he is not pleased with what he finds: antiquated methods and a great deal of waste. Raising the issue with Robert doesn't prove to be easy. With the estates finances now in order, Carson receives permission to hire more staff. A handsome new footman, Jimmy, sets tongues wagging but Daisy isn't so pleased with the new kitchen helper, Ivy, after Alfred flirts with her. Anna and John are despondent over the fact they've not received any letters from the other. Ethel has decided it would be best if she let the Bryants raise her son.
133.	The Blacklist (2013 TV Series)
Episode: Berlin (No. 8): Conclusion (2014)
With the crashing of the mysterious prisoner transport plane, the city is on lock down as the authorities are on the hunt for all the escapees. Meanwhile, with Red in custody, Liz uses her power to get him out since he is their best chance at finding all the suspects. Elsewhere, their main objective is to track down Berlin, a prisoner on the plane who is somehow involved.
134.	Doctor Who (2005 TV Series)
Episode: A Town Called Mercy (2012)
The Doctor, Amy and Rory find themselves in the American wild west sometime in the 19th century. The small town has a Marshal but they're not that keen on the new arrivals. They are also under threat from an alien, a half-man half-robot hunter who is out to eliminate the Doctor. Not the Doctor we know but another, Kahler Jex, who has escaped from his world. He's done many good things for the local community but his past is somewhat questionable. When the Marshall is killed, it's left to the Doctor to decide how best to proceed.
135.	Doctor Who (2005 TV Series)
Episode: Silence in the Library (2008)
The Doctor and Donna land in the 51st century to visit the greatest library in the universe. The Doctor is somewhat taken aback however to find there is no one there. To the best he can determine, the library has been closed for 100 years so the arrival of a team of archaeologists comes as something of a surprise. The private expedition has been paid for by a wealthy amateur but the expert leader of the group is Dr. River Song. Although the Doctor doesn't know her, it soon becomes apparent that she knows him quite well having met him in another time. All of them however come into danger when they make contact with a young girl who communicates with them through her television. The encounter has consequences for Donna in particular who seems to have been absorbed into the library.
136.	Doctor Who (2005 TV Series)
Episode: The Doctor, the Widow and the Wardrobe (2011)
It's Christmas Eve, 1938, when Madge Arwell comes to the aid of an injured Spaceman Angel as she cycles home. He promises to repay her kindness - all she has to do is make a wish. Three years later, a devastated Madge escapes war-torn London with her two children for a dilapidated house in Dorset. She is crippled with grief at the news her husband has been lost over the channel, but determined to give Lily and Cyril the best Christmas ever. The Arwells are surprised to be greeted by a madcap caretaker whose mysterious Christmas gift leads them into a magical wintry world. Here, Madge will learn how to be braver than she ever thought possible. And that wishes can come true...
137.	Doctor Who (2005 TV Series)
Episode: The Time of the Doctor (2013)
Orbiting a quiet backwater planet, the massed forces of the universe's deadliest species gather, drawn to a mysterious message that echoes out to the stars - and amongst them, the Doctor. Rescuing Clara from a family Christmas dinner, the Time Lord and his best friend must learn what this enigmatic signal means for his own fate and that of the universe.
138.	Ballers (2015 TV Series)
Episode: Raise Up (2015)
A cash-strapped Spencer struggles to close a deal when Vernon's best friend, Reggie, refuses to step aside, while Jason works hard to renegotiate for his client. On his first day of workouts, Ricky finds that not all his new teammates are friendly. At his new job, Charles finds it hard to keep his mind off the game. At a brunch to talk business, Spencer counsels Vernon to learn from his mistakes.
139.	Ballers (2015 TV Series)
Episode: Elidee (2016)
Spencer advises a reluctant Vernon to stay quiet when the truth behind his injury threatens his career. Trying to stave off Andre's attacks on their business, Spencer and Joe butt heads over how best to advise a client. Charles worries whether he's up for a challenge. A hard-to-impress Ricky takes a trip to tour a potential new home.
140.	Supergirl (2015 TV Series)
Episode: Childish Things (2016)
Kara does her best to support Winn when he hears that his father Winslow Schott Sr. breaks out of prison. His father looks for Winn for a reason to become like him. Cat offers Lucy a job working at CatCo and Alex asks Hank to use his powers to find out and uncover Maxwell Lord's plans.
141.	Outlander (2014 TV Series)
Episode: Lallybroch (2015)
Jamie and Claire arrive at Lallybroch, where Jamie is lord of the manor. He's been away for four years and the reception he receives from his sister Jenny is frosty at best. She's now married to his old friend and has a young son with another on the way. He plans on staying on, despite Claire's misgivings about being seen by the English. His attempt at being in charge doesn't go well and Jenny tells him he'll ruin the estate if he doesn't change his ways. They make their peace but soon learn there are other dangers as great as the English.
142.	Law & Order: Special Victims Unit (1999 TV Series)
Episode: Glasgowman's Wrath (2014)
Best friends Perry Gilbert and Mia Harris sneak into the woods with Mia's young sister Zoe in tow. Their search for the mythical Glasgowman leads to a series of violent events, leaving Zoe gravely injured and the other girls missing. While Detectives Rollins and Carisi work to locate the suspect, Sgt. Benson digs through the stories to distinguish fantasy from reality.
143.	Law & Order: Special Victims Unit (1999 TV Series)
Episode: Turmoil (2009)
After risque photos of a fifteen-year-old rape victim are leaked onto the Internet, Detectives Elliot Stabler and Olivia Benson's case becomes much more complicated. As the detectives' case slowly morphs into an investigation by the State Bar, Stabler's son becomes entangled in a streak of compromising events at the hands of his best friend, a recovering drug addict. As Benson takes charge of the rape case, Stabler is forced to set his personal opinions aside and deal with the potentially life-threatening situation his son and his friend have so carelessly gotten themselves into.
144.	Penny Dreadful (2014 TV Series)
Episode: Possession (2014)
Vanessa returns from her outing with Dorian Gray possessed by her evil spirit. The evil inside her clearly knows more about Sir Malcolm than most. She is seemingly normal the next day but remembers nothing of what happened. Frankenstein examines her and she transforms before his eyes. He believes she is suffering from some sort of psycho-sexual break but Sir Malcolm believes she is simply possessed by the devil. They do their best to make her comfortable and she is sedated most of the time. Sir Malcolm may have ulterior motives for so desperately wanting to keep Vanessa alive.
145.	Penny Dreadful (2014 TV Series)
Episode: Perpetual Night (2016)
The monster returns to his family, trying to pick the pieces up after his death/rebirth. Ethan, Sir Malcolm and Kaetenay return to London with a perpetual fog enclosing the area looking for Vanessa as Dracula's creatures await them. Lily is trying her best to try to talk Victor out of changing or killing her. Dorian clears out his mansion. Dr. Seward knows Reinfield is spying on Vanessa for Dracula as she realizes it's not a delusion and joins forces with Sir Malcolm, Miss Harteghan, Ketaenay and Ethan.
146.	Penny Dreadful (2014 TV Series)
Episode: Verbis Diablo (2015)
Vanessa survives a nighttime visit from the three witches and Sir Malcolm promises to do his best to protect her. He shows her a soup kitchen and medical clinic of sorts where he donates some of his time and money. There, Vanessa meets the Creature. Sir Malcolm meets Mrs. Poole in a department store where she mesmerizes him. Ethan, Vanessa, Dr. Frankenstein and Sir Malcolm invite Ferdinand Lyle to translate the verbis diablo for them. He tells them that in the 11th century, a monk named Father Gregory claimed he was possessed by a demon who spoke to him in the verbis diablo. He wrote down what he was told and those artifacts are now in the British Museum. Dr. Frankenstein meanwhile has successfully reanimated Lily but he struggles with his own feelings for her. She quickly learns to speak - and has lost her accent - but has no memory of her past life. Dorian Gray meets Angelique, who works in a brothel. Finally, Insp. Rusk visits Warren Roper, one of the men who was severely injured in the attack at the Mariner's Inn. At this stage, the doctors have no idea if he will ever again be able to speak.
147.	The Office (2005 TV Series)
Episode: Drug Testing (2006)
When Dwight finds half a joint in the Dunder Mifflin parking lot, he puts on his Volunteer Sheriff's uniform and launches a full investigation -- prompting Michael to ask for an unusual favor. Pam playfully issues a challenge to Jim and he does his best to follow through with it.
148.	The Office (2005 TV Series)
Episode: Todd Packer (2011)
After many years and motel rooms, Dunder Mifflin traveling salesman (and Michael Scott's best friend) Todd Packer is ready to leave the road behind and take a desk job in the office. However, it remains to be seen if Jim, Dwight, Holly and the rest of the office are ready for Todd. Elsewhere, after his computer freezes for the millionth time, Andy battles office administrator Pam for a new computer.
149.	The Office (2005 TV Series)
Episode: The Alliance (2005)
Since the rumors of downsizing have occurred in the Scranton branch, Dwight thinks its best to secretly partner with Jim to have each others backs on it, while Jim takes this as an opportunity to have this as one of his pranks against Dwight.
150.	Modern Family (2009 TV Series)
Jay Pritchett sits at the head of a large and unconventional family. Now in his second marriage to his gorgeous young wife, Gloria, Jay has been given something of a second chance. Still, old habits are hard to break, and it's trial by fire as he tries to adapt to life with the same passion and vigor that Gloria exhibits, which are matched by her precocious 12-year-old son, Manny. There are some culture clashes, a few misunderstandings, but also plenty of sweet victories along the way. Jay's grown daughter, Claire, and her husband, Phil, are the proud parents of three kids with whom they want that open, healthy, honest relationship. It's not always easy, especially when you have Haley, a teenage daughter who's growing up a little fast, Alex, a too-smart-for-her-own-good middle daughter and Luke, a scatterbrained boy. Add to this that Phil is just a big kid himself, even if he does always have the best intentions. Claire is the anchor, trying her best to run a tight ship and determined not to let her kids have the rebellious childhood she had. Claire's brother and Jay's grown son, Mitchell, is busy raising an adopted daughter, Lily, with his long term partner, Cameron. Opposites attract in this household, with Cameron having a wonderfully big personality and maybe a flare for the dramatic, while Mitchell is more buttoned-down. They balance each other out, and these doting fathers are relishing their roles as parents developing their own little family.
151.	Modern Family (2009 TV Series)
Episode: Little Bo Bleep (2012)
The family helps Claire prepare for her upcoming televised debate with Duane Bailey for the town council seat, but will they do more harm than good? Lily is going to be a precious flower girl for the first time, but the problem is she's just discovered her first expletive and Mitch and Cam don't know how best to deal with this new parenting test. And Jay is very concerned with Stella's recent strange behavior and puts the blame on Gloria.
152.	Modern Family (2009 TV Series)
Episode: Egg Drop (2012)
Luke and Manny have a big school project to design the best capsule that would protect an egg in a two-story drop, but when Claire and Jay catch wind of it, their own competitive drives kick in... and eventually take over. Meanwhile, Phil solicits the help of Haley and Gloria to sit as plants in the audience during a huge real estate presentation he has put together, and Mitch and Cam meet with prospective birth mothers and must try their very best to be charming and likeable.
153.	Modern Family (2009 TV Series)
Episode: Clean Out Your Junk Drawer (2015)
Gloria won a bid at the school auction for a family seminar with famed doctor and author Debra Radcliffe, whose self-help book 'Clean Out Your Junk Drawer' encourages people get out all their emotional junk to become healthier people and in turn better partners and spouses. Jay is resistant to the whole experience and can't get away fast enough; Mitch and Cam decide to keep it very surface level so they can come off as super stable; and Phil and Claire also make it competitive and strive to be the best and strongest couple of the group. Things quickly escalate, though, as junk starts flying. Elsewhere, Haley and Alex meet up and counsel each other on their boy problems.
154.	Modern Family (2009 TV Series)
Episode: Regrets Only (2011)
Phil and Claire had a huge fight and Phil hasn't a clue as to what it was over, so Gloria steps in to counsel Phil and Jay takes Claire. Meanwhile, Jay may have some regret in buying Gloria a karaoke machine, and Cameron is in full prep mode for a huge fundraising event and enlists help from Mitchell and Luke -- which might not be the best choices.
155.	Teen Wolf (2011 TV Series)
Scott McCall was just another kid in high school. Until, one night his best friend Stiles brings him to the woods, to look for a dead body, and Scott is bitten by a werewolf. Being a werewolf came with its perks- stronger, faster, new star in the lacrosse team, popularity- but also made it hard to control his anger. Scott has also fallen for the new girl in town, Allison, whose dad is trying to hunt and kill Scott. Scott now has to try and balance his out of control life, figure out how to control his new powers, try not to be killed by the alpha that bit him, and protect Allison- and keep her from finding out his big secret.
Scott McCall and his best friend Stiles Stilinski go out into the woods to find a dead body. Until Stiles is sent home by his cop dad, leaving Scott in the woods alone to get bitten by a Wearwolf. Scott must find a way to control the shift before he hurts the ones he loves and Stiles helps him until they meet Dereck Hale whose family died in a fire. Dereck was born a wolf, so he teaches Scott how to control the shift, even on the full moon. Scott must also face the challenges that come ahead. Who bit him? Will his girlfriend Allison Argent find out what he is? How to avoid Allison's father whom is a hunter that kills werewolves? Is Allison like her Father? Does the one that bit him want him to hurt his loved ones? Is there a cure? Scott and Stiles will find out throughout the season. But being a Werewolf does come with its perks. Like... -Strength -Power -Speed -Popularity -Star of the Lacrosse Team -The Girl. But it also comes with its Downfalls, -New Enemies -People asking Questions -Controlling The shift during anger or the full moon. Stakes are getting higher and developing more problems as the seasons go by in this Romantic Drama Action Thriller takes place.
High school student Scott McCall gets bitten by a werewolf and has his whole life turned around. With his best friend Stiles Stilinski by his side they work through these changes and help save beacon hills from various different supernatural threats.
156.	Teen Wolf (2011 TV Series)
Episode: The Overlooked (2013)
With sheriff Stilinski missing and Cora badly wounded, Scott, Peter, Dillon and Derek are trapped in hospital by a terrible storm. They must fight off Kali and Deucalion's pack and defend Scott's ma, who must ultimately join the fight but also becomes the ultimate key to blackmail-subduing Scott. The twins realize that doing Deucalion's bidding will ultimately see themselves killed, yet remain unable to resist him. Jennifer admits her true identity as 'emissary', yet seeks to convince Derek to team up, explaining how she became what she is and promises to be the best bet against Deucalion.
157.	Teen Wolf (2011 TV Series)
Episode: Wolf Moon (2011)
When asthmatic bench-warmer Scott McCall and best buddy Stiles go into the woods to investigate a police report of a dead body, Scott is bitten by what he assumes is a wolf. He soon discovers that he has improved hearing, faster reflexes and a host of other symptoms leading his best friend to believe he's been bitten by a werewolf. While he quickly discovers that there's an upside to his monthly curse, the new girl at school, Allison Argent is occupying most of his thoughts. Then he meets her father...
158.	Bones (2005 TV Series)
Best in her field, forensic anthropologist, Dr Temperance Brennan, and FBI Special Agent Seeley Booth work together to solve gruesome homicides with help from the rest of the Jeffersonian anthropology unit and FBI. Murderers are being brought to justice in no time.
159.	Bones (2005 TV Series)
Episode: The Strike in the Chord (2016)
The team investigates the death of the leader of the Lynwood University male acapella singing group, "The Whippersnaps," whose body was found in the school rat lab. The victim recently kicked out Ian Jansen, one of the group's best singers, sending Booth and Aubrey to question Ian and other current members of the male group and some stars of the competing female acapella group to get a handle on the group dynamics and what could have led to the murder of one of their own. Meanwhile, surprising information about Aubrey's own college experience is brought to light, Hodgins applies for an experimental nerve regeneration study, Booth tries to plan a summer trip with Parker and a new intern joins the Jeffersonian lab.
160.	Bones (2005 TV Series)
Episode: The Man in the Outhouse (2008)
he relatively young corpse found in the content of an accidentally exploded outhouse is identified as Bill O'Rourke, star of a TV show publicly exposing adulterous spouses, which provides a list of subjects with strong motives. Booth even enlists a stalker to tail Jim Dodd, who best fits the profile according to Sweets. Furthermore, studio politics and love life provide further suspicions. Booth's doubts about Bones's polyandry with a man for sex and another for conversation prove founded. Lance gets a crush on overzealous forensic showoff-apprentice Daisy Wick.
161.	Bones (2005 TV Series)
Episode: The Fury in the Jury (2013)
Brennan is a juror on the case of professional soccer player Peter Kidman, who is accused of murdering his wife. When she uses pure objectivity to help prove the killer not guilty, his best friend and a key witness in the case turns up dead. The Jeffersonian team must work together to prove that the soccer star was in fact guilty of killing both his wife and his friend.
162.	Bones (2005 TV Series)
Episode: The Gamer in the Grease (2009)
Mailman Steve Rifton's corpse is found in frying fat, hence extremely decayed over two weeks. He was reported missing for three months. The highly intelligent man's passion was the computer game Punky Pong. He recently lost the world record, which was bitterly contested. Both motive and means require several theories based on forensic findings until things start fitting. Meanwhile Jeffersonian intern Colin Fischer gets three Avatar tickets, which also excites Hodgins and Sweets, so they cover for each-other to take turns standing in line for the best seats. Colin's tent however offers an unexpected alternative 'entertainment' for two.
163.	Bones (2005 TV Series)
Episode: The Man in the Cell (2007)
When Booth takes Bones to jail for the identification of a corpse badly damaged in a prison fire, she and Zach find it's a fireman's, made to resemble that of the cell's inmate, serial murderer Howard Epps (see episodes The Man on Death Row and The Blonde in the Game). Howard has escaped, calls the Jeffersonian and makes good on his threats, giving word pun-clues but keeping ahead and getting to various members of the team or their loved ones, such as leaving a victim's severed head in a fridge with a hidden explosive charge releasing a mysterious, potentially fatal poison during the autopsy or proving he can approach Booth's kid son Parker at the playground, the best way to terrify a devoted heroic father. Booth tries to put the pressure on Howard by arresting his disgusting fat, abusive mother Marianne Epps, with whom he has a mutually sick relationship, but the cruelly clever chain of dangers continues, right to the last surprise act...
164.	Bones (2005 TV Series)
Episode: Stargazer in a Puddle (2007)
A corpse is found in a popular dumping pool, apparently shot. It seemed a child, but Zach also finds adult, even aged traits. The only explanation is an aging disease, actually Winters syndrome, which also affected the brain of Cynthia Cole's missing daughter. She falsely accused social worker Joe Mellon of abusing the girl. The real cause of death is a striking OD. Meawnhile, Max brings Bones things from her grandma. Booth must arrest him, but first has to prove his criminal identity. Zach declines being Hodgins' best man, to serve the nation, but there are more problems.
165.	Bones (2005 TV Series)
Episode: The Woman at the Airport (2006)
Bones was to authenticate a rare Iron Age find, but as usual moans about it's 'urgency' when told to accompany Booth to Hollywood to investigate some coyote-nibbled human remains found around Los Angeles Airport. Upon arriving in LA they meet up with Special Agent Tricia Finn, a would be script-writer obsessed with the possible filming of Bones's book. Meanwhile back at the Jeffersonian, Dr. Goodman, steps away from his management role to return to his archaeologist roots to head up the authentication of the Iron Age man but terribly annoys Hodgins with his theatrical methods. Some details about the location of the find do not match the results from the skeleton analysis and causes Dr. Goodman to refuse to definitively authenticate the find. The LAX skull clearly belongs to a woman who had plastic surgery which keeps Angela from being able to reconstruct the victims features. The only lead, an illegal breast implant points them toward plastic surgeon Dr. Kostov who reported the shipment stolen. A meeting with escort madame, Ivana Bardu, provides Booth and Bones with the name of their victim hooker Sandra aka 'Rachel LaChance', who vaguely fits one of Angela's reconstruction attempts, so Booth 'orders' her best friend Leslie Snow. Leslie provides them with the name of an old boyfriend of Rachel's, beach volleyball-playing actor-barman Nick Hudson who tells them of her surgery addiction. Zach finds the murder weapon fits only the invention of L.A. plastic surgeon Dr. Henry Atlas, who had a peculiar relationship with Sandra under a third name, but...
166.	Bones (2005 TV Series)
Episode: The Hero in the Hold (2009)
Hodgins, Bones and author Thomas Vega are officially suspected of stealing FBI evidence concerning the Grave Digger, who once buried both team members alive. The team aborts Bones' award gala after the fiend sends a coded message: he has captured Booth and will asphyxiate him in a coffin within 24 hours unless the evidence is paid as ransom. Now Hodgins admits he has it, but convinces the others to try first 8 hours to identify the monster. Vega is found murdered in his car. Meanwhile Booth suffers a hallucination - he is with the ghost of corporal Edward 'Teddy' Parker, whom his best efforts couldn't save in combat. Teddy seems to help his efforts to escape from his 'coffin', an entire Navy ship loaded with explosives. The evidence is handed over, with disappointing result. Booths' brother Jarod risks everything to enable more illegal moves even after once special agent Payton Perotta has them all taken from the case.
167.	Bones (2005 TV Series)
Episode: The Corpse on the Canopy (2013)
After Hodgins and Angela were drugged and woke up to a bloody corpse hanging in the canopy of their bed and flower petals around their son Michael's crib, they are forced to believe that Pelant is back for revenge against Hodgins. Although Hodgins wants to go after Pelant directly, Booth knows it's best to work within the system and not go against protocol. Meanwhile, as the Jeffersonian team investigates the corpse, they discover the victim was a Special Forces agent working for the world's biggest supplier of mercenaries, and Angela and Hodgins decide to start an investigation without the rest of the Jeffersonian team for the sake of their family.
168.	Bones (2005 TV Series)
Episode: The Bond in the Boot (2009)
Brennan and Booth investigate the body of a man murdered for the undisclosed contents of a briefcase. Early evidence leads the team to suspect secret operatives are at work, and their theories are supported when the liquefied remains of a CIA agent are discovered in the trunk of a car. When Brennan and Booth interrogate the CIA's Assistant Director of Intelligence, they are left unsure of his allegiance to the U.S. Meanwhile, Brennan's best-selling book leads to financial success and serves as a point of contention with Booth, and Jeffersonian intern Wendell loses his scholarship, leaving the team to look for alternative funding to keep him around.
169.	Dexter (2006 TV Series)
Episode: Living the Dream (2009)
With a new wife and a newer baby, Dexter is not getting much sleep these days. Baby Harrison cries all night; and Rita robs him of a rare chance to knit up the raveled sleeve of care by preparing a night of sex play. Dexter's sleep deprivation puts his work in jeopardy. He goes to court with the wrong notes, and his screw-up sends a killer free. But maybe that's for the best. His Dark Passenger is calling, and this killer is now available for Dexter to hunt. The trouble is, will the hunter be able to stay awake? Meanwhile: Angel and Maria labor to conceal their new relationship. Debra is shocked to see Lundy back in town. The Trinity Killer claims a new victim.
170.	Dexter (2006 TV Series)
Episode: Hello, Dexter Morgan (2009)
Christine is interrogated by Angel about her relationship with Trinity. Meanwhile Arthur calls Kyle and asks why he has not gone to the police, and Kyle blackmails him and asks US$ 50,000; otherwise he will disclose that Arthur is pedophile. Chief Matthews calls Lt. LaGuerta and Sgt. Batista and shows them kissing each other in the images of a surveillance camera and tells that they have committed perjury and will have a meeting with Internal Affairs and they will be fired from the police force. Dexter wants to kill Trinity and seeks out another criminal to be incriminated and uses the truck driver Stan Beaudry to decoy the Miami Metro detectives. Angel and Debra find the postcards from Trinity hidden in Christine's apartment and they use them to press Christine. Dexter is summoned to be the best man of LaGuerta and Batista, who decide to get married. Christine confesses to Debra that she killed Lundy and commits suicide. Arthur follows Dexter and finds where he works.
171.	Dexter (2006 TV Series)
Episode: Take It! (2010)
Having identified one of Lumen's attackers, Cole Harmon, Dexter set out to do what he does best. He attends one of Jordan Chase's seminars and the plan is to rent a hotel room next to Cole Harmon, who is Chase's head of security, and eliminate him there. He shows Lumen how to prepare a killing room but events don't quite unfold as planned. In the end, Dexter gets a vital clue that identifies another of the men who attacked her. Lumen also has to deal with her ex-fiance who suddenly shows up in Miami. At the station, the fallout from the shootings at the night club begins to take its toll. It's pretty obvious that Lt. Laguerta isn't going to take the rap for the botched operation. Debra sees the writing on the wall when Angel Batista tells her he hasn't written his report yet and is still going over what happened. She feels betrayed by an unexpected source but also gets support where she least expects it.
172.	Dexter (2006 TV Series)
Episode: Sin of Omission (2011)
Dexter returns to Miami after his road trip to Nebraska and get a frosty reception from Debra who has been under pressure to get results in the doomsday killer case. He does his best to make amends, but doesn't share what he knows about Travis and Professor Gellar. Thanks to Masuka's intern Louis, the police now have a list of 200 of Gellar's former students living in the Miami area and the team fans out to interview them all. It doesn't stop the Doomsday Killer from striking again with a new tableau: the Whore of Babylon. Meanwhile Capt. Laguerta takes a particular interest in the death of a high class prostitute and seems desperate to have the case ruled an accidental death.
173.	Dexter (2006 TV Series)
Episode: Run (2012)
The police quickly catch up with Ray Speltzer and does a brilliant job interrogating him and getting a confession. She and others are shocked however when a judge ruled the arresting officers had violated his Miranda rights and releases him. When he shows up on the sidelines of his latest victim's funeral, Deb goes berserk and decides they have to get him at all costs. Dexter decides it's time for him to do what he does best. Meanwhile, the police are still raiding the strip club and owner Isaak Sirko decides it's time to give the police what they want and frames someone for the hit. Sirko knows that Dexter made the assassin disappear and has every intention of getting even. He has his own special reasons for doing so.
174.	Dexter (2006 TV Series)
Episode: Chemistry (2012)
Dexter's problems keep mounting. After the surprise outcome of his planned execution of Hannah McKay, they agree they are far too much alike and decide not to see each other again. It doesn't quite work out as planned. Dexter learns that true crime writer Sal Price is writing a book about Hannah as he is convinced she was an active participant in the murders believed to have been committed by her boyfriend. Dexter sets out to get Sal to go in another direction but Hannah takes charge of things. Deb wants Dexter to do what he does best. Meanwhile, Quinn comes under suspicion of having made the blood evidence against Isaak Sirko disappear.
175.	Dexter (2006 TV Series)
Episode: My Bad (2010)
Dexter has reported Rita's death and the case is handed over to the FBI as the killing has all the earmarks of the Trinity killer. Everyone on the team is supportive but a bit upset with Lt. Laguerta for handing over the case that has affected one of their own. Det. Quinn however doesn't feel Dexter is behaving like a grieving husband should and when Masuka mentions that Dexter was aware of Rita kissing her neighbor, he begins to suspect him. As for Dexter, he's in something of a fog. He can't grieve and even delays telling the children of their mother's death until they return from the Keys with their grandparents. The FBI are keen to question him but he decides that the best course of action is to run off and disappear.
176.	Rizzoli & Isles (2010 TV Series)
Episode: What Doesn't Kill You (2012)
Jane and Maura's relationship has deteriorated after Jane shot her biological father, gangster Paddy Doyle, in the warehouse. Maura insists that her father was there only to protect her but Jane believes that he could easily had shot her, as he did FBI Agent Dean. The entire squad soon find themselves under investigation by Internal Affairs who believe Jane is dirty and helped out her best friend's father. Jane learns some important information about Maura's biological mother. Meanwhile, the squad is also investigating the shooting death of an off-duty policeman who was in charge of the evidence lockup. At first glance, it looks like he was just in the wrong place at the wrong time but a closer look at the security video suggests he may have been the target.
177.	Rizzoli & Isles (2010 TV Series)
Episode: Bridge to Tomorrow (2015)
After Jane jumps from a bridge to save a prosecutor suspected of his murdering his mistress, Maura is terrified that she has lost her best friend. The squad must now renew the search to find the real killer. Meanwhile, Angela enlists Frankie's help as she applies to new jobs.
178.	Rizzoli & Isles (2010 TV Series)
Episode: Virtual Love (2012)
The squad investigates the murder of Greg Jensen a brew master and the CEO of Overlord Ale who was found dead in his test kitchen. He appears to have been killed with a spear, something Maura confirms when she finds the metal spear tip inside his chest. The police have a lead when they learn that Clark "Skullcrusher" West, head of a motorcycle club, had lost a lawsuit against Jensen for having stolen their club logo and using it in a beer ad. Maura finds some DNA that leads them down a different path and into the world of online gaming. Meanwhile, Angela is doing her best to make Lt. Cavanaugh jealous and Jane and Maura act as mentors for some street kids brought in by Rondo. When the fire alarm goes off unexpectedly and they evacuate the building, Angela realizes her wallet has been stolen.
179.	How I Met Your Mother (2005 TV Series)
Episode: Wait for It (2007)
Ted is going through his usual mourning process after his break-up with Robin. Barney encourages Ted to get out of mourning and become his "wing man" once again, but Ted isn't sure when he'll be ready to date. He decides the time has come when Robin, who went away to Argentina for her mourning phase, comes back to New York with a new boyfriend, an exotic Argentinean masseur named Gael. Ted wants to show Robin that she is not winning the break-up. So while going out with Barney to pick up women, Ted hooks up with Amy, a woman not generally Ted's type as she's a bit wild and lives on the edge. Meanwhile, Marshall and Lily have a double date with Robin and Gael, but Marshall and Lily, as Ted's best friends, vow it's only so they can learn to hate Gael, which ends up being a difficult thing for them to do. As Gael may become a permanent fixture in their lives, Ted comes to the realization that he needs to have some closure to his and Robin's break-up.
180.	How I Met Your Mother (2005 TV Series)
Episode: Matchmaker (2005)
Barney takes Ted to matchmaker Ellen Pierce, but while Barney gets thrown out, Ellen promises to find a woman for Ted within three days. This promise has disastrous results: the woman that suits him the best has already a boyfriend. Lily and Marshall have problems with some sort of cockroach or mouse that is in the apartment and they cannot get rid of.
181.	How I Met Your Mother (2005 TV Series)
Episode: Duel Citizenship (2009)
Ever since Marshall and Lily got married, Ted feels that his "best bro" Marshall has turned from being a "me" to a "we". That's why Ted is so excited when Marshall agrees to recreate one of their crazy college road trips to Chicago's Gazola's pizza joint, which is closing. But this trip is not quite what Ted was expecting as Marshall invites Lily. As Lily's presence changes the nature of the road trip, Ted tries to regain what he wanted this trip to be. Meanwhile, Robin may be deported unless she becomes a US citizen. Robin, a patriotic Canadian, isn't sure if she wants to become an American. Barney, who doesn't understand why anyone wouldn't want to be American, helps Robin become his version of American. But when Robin's withdrawal symptoms become too much for her to handle, she falls off the wagon. This experience shows her where she really fits and where her patriotic heart lies.
182.	How I Met Your Mother (2005 TV Series)
Episode: The Limo (2005)
It's New Year's Eve 2005, and Ted wants to pull out all the stops for his friends. He decides to rent a limo (driven by their old cabbie friend Ranjit) which will take them to each of their five chosen parties in three hours, and return to the best one by midnight to ring in the new year. They are on a tight time schedule so there is no room for change or improvisation from the plan. Not included in their night is Robin as she is planning on spending it with her new boyfriend Derek. But in her place is Ted's date, the unusually friendly Marybeth. The night starts off well, but one wrench after another another is thrown into the plan, some which are definite nuisances, while others they gladly accommodate. But even those in the latter category don't always come off as they anticipate, especially when it involves one of the group needing to head off alone. Will they be at their dream party at midnight and will they all be together?
183.	How I Met Your Mother (2005 TV Series)
Episode: The Yips (2007)
Ted talks his four friends into joining a gym with him. There, Robin loses all signs of her femininity, Marshall gets the trainer from hell, while Lily gets the trainer who wants to nurture other things in her. Through it all, Ted seems never to be around, until... Meanwhile, Barney runs into Rhonda at the gym, she the older woman friend of his mother's to who he lost his virginity. He is offended that she doesn't remember him, especially since she at the time told him that he was best sex that she had ever had, and being what many in the neighborhood called "the man maker", she had had many men. Barney is devastated that when she finally does remember who he is, she confesses that Barney's brother James paid her to tell him those things to boost his confidence. As those words were what made Barney the man he is today, he loses all his ability to talk to women effectively. He hopes that attending a Victoria's Secret fashion show post party will provide him the atmosphere to get his womanizing mojo back.
184.	How I Met Your Mother (2005 TV Series)
Episode: Definitions (2009)
Lily is sadder to learn that Barney and Robin aren't a couple more so than Barney or Robin. But after that, Lily catches Barney and Robin making out, the two who confess that they have been in a sexual relationship over the course of the summer, a fact they were hiding since they didn't want to make a big deal out of their undefined relationship. Lily thinks that Barney and Robin need to have "the talk" to define what they really mean to each other. They refuse since they are quite happy having sex and that's it. When Robin is forced to go on a date with Brad, Barney and Robin almost get to the point of feeling the need to have the talk. When they still can't go through with it, Lily, ultimately with some help from Marshall, comes up with a plan to force them to have the talk. Even if they do have the talk, will they come to any conclusions? Meanwhile Ted is preparing for his first day as a college professor teaching Architecture 101. He is trying to decide what kind of professor he wants to be: the stern authoritarian or the students' best friend. In the end, other aspects of the class may determine what kind of professor he is, at least to that class. As Ted relates this story to his children, he mentions that their mother was in that class.
185.	How I Met Your Mother (2005 TV Series)
Episode: Girls vs. Suits (2010)
A beautiful woman named Karina starts working as a bartender at MacLaren's. Robin believes Karina's hotness is all circumstantial. Many men are mesmerized by Karina, but none more so than Barney, who has never slept with a bartender. Barney has a plan to woo Karina, but Karina, who has so far treated all the patrons at the bar like her best friend, is immediately turned off by Barney. Marshall learns it's because she previously had a bad experience with a man who worked on Wall Street, so now she immediately is turned off by anyone wearing a suit. Can Barney give up his suit wearing ways to impress Karina, or put aside his suits long enough to sleep with her? Meanwhile, Ted has started dating Cindy, a student at the university. Cindy breaks it off with Ted when she learns that the university has a strict no professor-student dating policy, which means that if they are caught, Cindy could lose her scholarship and Ted could lose his job. But something about Cindy makes Ted feel that he has to be with her at that time. In 2030, Ted tells his children that that something is Cindy's roommate, who Ted has not even met yet.
186.	How I Met Your Mother (2005 TV Series)
Episode: The Broken Code (2013)
Lily and Ted are carrying out their respective matron of honor and best man duties. Lily seems to be lax on carrying out her duties by forgetting to hit the send button on Robin's bridal shower evite. But Lily admits that the shower was a bit of a bust for another reason. Lily and Robin try to overcome that problem. On the other hand, Ted is doing whatever he can to be the best best man ever by accommodating Barney's every whim. But there is one thing that Ted may not be able to do for Barney, and that is not to have held Robin's hand at the carousel in the park, which Barney saw. Marshall the lawyer, who, although still on the road with Daphne, is present with the gang in a half stuffed man/half electronic state, ends up being the judge on the Barney/Ted issue.
187.	How I Met Your Mother (2005 TV Series)
Episode: The Best Burger in New York (2008)
Barney can't stop promoting his new job at Goliath National Bank (GNB). He keeps asking Marshall to interview for a job. Marshall tries to find a job. Robin is on a 7 day cleanse diet. Everyone is at the pub and they're promoting a new burger. Everyone gets the burger and that leads to Marshall reliving his first days in New York when he found the "best burger in New York City." This leads to a quest to find the place with a neon red burger sign and a green door. A crazy strong Regis Philbin gets in on the action.
In a hostile takeover, the company that Barney works for has just acquired Goliath National Bank (GNB). As Marshall is still unemployed with what seems like few prospects, Barney tells him that he can probably get him a job at GNB. But working for GNB is not quite the environmental law job he had in mind. Meanwhile, MacLaren's has just hired a new cook who according to Wendy the waitress makes the best burgers in New York. As the gang takes their first bite of the burger, they do agree that the burger is pretty good, but Marshall claims that it is nowhere near as good as the best burger he had when he first moved to New York eight years ago. Unfortunately, he never remembered exactly where the burger joint was and never could find it again. Needing something positive in his life, Marshall convinces the gang to find that burger joint as Robin believes she knows which one he's talking about. With a little pressure by qv##nm0005310## to find the place, the gang come to the conclusion that Marshall needing to find this burger is more than just about the burger. Through it all, Robin takes the brunt of the problems of the night.
188.	How I Met Your Mother (2005 TV Series)
Episode: The Locket (2013)
The gang is heading to the Farhampton Inn for Robin and Barney's nuptials. Marshall has picked Marvin up in St. Cloud and is flying back to New York. A photo of Marshall and Marvin that Judy has just posted on the Internet has the potential to ruin Marshall and Lily's marriage if Lily sees it, and may also threaten Marshall's ability to make it back to New York in time for the wedding. Ted and Lily are driving out to Farhampton together. Ted wants the trip to be the best road trip ever, but his idea and Lily's idea of a fun road trip are totally different. Ted has ulterior motives for having his type of fun on this trip. Lily, not being able to take Ted anymore, decides to ditch him part way and take the train instead. She meets someone on the train that understands what she's going through. That person has the potential to be a life long friend, much like Robin has become. And Ranjit is driving Robin and Barney to Farhampton in his limousine. As Robin and Barney talk about those people invited that may ruin the wedding, they come across some information that could threaten the wedding altogether.
189.	How I Met Your Mother (2005 TV Series)
Episode: Challenge Accepted (2011)
Robin and Barney bond when they intervene in Ted's relationship...until they run into Nora. Marshall and Lily watch a ticking clock as he fears that he soon will be the victim of food poisoning. Meanwhile, Ted performs his Best Man duties at a very important wedding.
190.	How I Met Your Mother (2005 TV Series)
Episode: Mom and Dad (2013)
Barney gives Ted, his best man, a gift for Robin to hold on to. That gift, a signed photograph of qv##nm0002115##, is ruined while in Ted's possession. Ted is certain he was sabotaged, but by who and for what reason he isn't sure. Ted the detective goes on a quest to find the perpetrator, which isn't an easy task as Lily keeps reminding him that he has never been very good at deduction. Meanwhile, both Barney and James' biological fathers, Jerry and Sam, are in attendance for the wedding - Sam who will now be performing the wedding ceremony - which will be the first time in a while that Loretta will have seen these two of her ex-lovers. Both Barney and James have had fantasies of their respective father and Loretta getting back together so that they can be a traditional nuclear family, which adds a strain between the brothers. But Loretta, Jerry, and Sam may have some say in Barney and James' fantasies coming true. And after Marshall and Daphne seem to be getting along, Daphne all of a sudden turns on him. Marshall tries to figure out what went wrong and what he can do to make whatever he did up to Daphne.
191.	How I Met Your Mother (2005 TV Series)
Episode: Who Wants to Be a Godparent (2012)
Marshall and Lily's entire world for the past five months has been Marvin to the exclusion of all else, including their friends. Now that Mickey has taken some of the child rearing off their plate, a constantly tearful Lily and Marshall now worry about what their mortality means for little Marvin's welfare if they were to depart the world sooner than later. As they complete their will, they run into the obstacle of who they will name as Marvin's guardian. As they exhaust the list of all their living blood relatives, dismissing each for one reason or another, their thoughts turn to their three best friends, who all actively campaign for the position. That campaigning irks Marshall and Lily, who decide to choose between the three using one of Marshall's passions in life. The question becomes how much of the unusual scrutiny Barney, Robin and Ted will endure for the opportunity to be Marvin's godparent and potential guardian.
192.	How I Met Your Mother (2005 TV Series)
Episode: Bad News (2011)
Despite only having tried for six days, Marshall and Lily are worried about not yet having conceived a child. So their doctor sends them to Dr. John Stangel, the best reproductive endocrinologist in New York City. He ends up being Barney's doppelganger, although Lily is convinced that he's actually Barney in disguise. Both Lily and Marshall have problems going through the tests with Dr. Stangel for different reasons. They are both on tender-hooks as they await news from Dr. Stangel if there are any issues in them being able to conceive a child. Other news in their life may overshadow whatever Dr. Stangel might have to say. Meanwhile, Robin has just started her new job at Worldwide News. She hates it primarily because the anchor, her old co-host Sandy Rivers, divulges some facts and not so facts about Robin to the rest of the staff which make her the laughing stock among her colleagues. Ted helps her come up with a way to deal with this new embarrassing situation.
193.	How I Met Your Mother (2005 TV Series)
Episode: The Final Page: Part One (2012)
Each of the friends somewhat admit that they have who they consider a "pit guy": someone who, if they had the power, would throw into a pit in their basement to banish forever, much like in qv##tt0102926##. For Ted, that person is his ex-architecture professor, Professor Vinick, who told Ted at the time that he had no talent and would never become an architect. Now that the GNB headquarters is about to open, Ted decides to invite Professor Vinick to the opening ceremonies to show him wrong. Professor Vinick's response makes Ted hold onto that grudge even harder. For Robin, that person is her co-worker, Patrice, who is now dating Barney. Robin will not however admit that Patrice is her pit guy because she still loves Barney herself. Robin has a chance to throw Patrice into her make believe pit when Robin has to fire a co-worker of her choice. For Lily and Marshall, that person is Daryl LaCorte, a colleague from Wesleyan who saw himself as their best friend after one game of hacky sack during their freshman year, although they tried at every turn to avoid him ever since. He still connects with them through social media. Lily and Marshall unwittingly learn of Daryl's whereabouts and his current plans for them. The one person who can't admit to having a pit guy is Barney, who, through a jinx that can only be removed by Ted, Robin, Marshall or Lily, but each who refuses to remove that jinx, is not allowed to speak or else face a dire consequence.
194.	How I Met Your Mother (2005 TV Series)
Episode: Last Words (2011)
Ted, Robin and Barney accompany Marshall and Lily to St. Cloud, Minnesota to support them at Marshall's father's funeral. At funerals, Robin always plays the role of "vice girl". Ted and Barney come to a decision that the best way they can help Marshall is to make him laugh during the day. And Lily vows to help Judy through the day despite the two never having been that close. The day gets off to a shaky start when their regular priest, Father Platt, can't perform the service, leaving that task to his son, Reverend Trey Platt, who, during their growing up period, was Marshall's nemesis, despite a physical disparity between the two. In preparing for the service, Marshall is asked about the last words his father ever spoke to him. As Marshall remembers back to the last day he saw his father, all he can remember are meaningless words uttered instead of something profound. Marshall then realizes that he has yet to listen to his father's last words to him. He's not sure he can as he explains why he needs those last words to be something important.
195.	How I Met Your Mother (2005 TV Series)
Episode: Knight Vision (2013)
It's Friday of the wedding weekend. Barney and Robin impress on Ted that tonight is the most important night of the weekend for him to meet a woman if he has any chance to hook up with someone for the entire weekend, but he has make decisions wisely or else. To help, Barney and Robin have chosen who they consider the three most suitable candidates: Sophia, Robin's college roommate who makes unusual sex noises; big boobed Cassie, the daughter of Mrs. Stinson's friend; and Grace, Barney's new co-worker. Although Barney and Robin think Sophia would be the best choice, Ted instead chooses Cassie for more obvious reasons. But did Ted make a wise choice? Meanwhile, Lily has just met the wedding minister, Reverend Robert Lowell, upon who Lily seems to make a bad impression. Lily's bad impression may in turn affect the ability of Barney and Robin being able to hold their wedding in his church. And Daphne tries to prepare Marshall in telling Lily about his offer to become a judge.
196.	How I Met Your Mother (2005 TV Series)
Episode: Rebound Bro (2008)
Ted and Stella have been dating for two months, and things are going well except they haven't slept together yet. Ted isn't too concerned as he wants to do it with her only when the time is right for both of them. But he learns from Stella that she is indeed a bit apprehensive about doing it since it's been five years since her last sexual encounter. This fact makes Ted also a little apprehensive since he's afraid that he won't measure up to her five year old expectation, so Marshall tells Ted to lower her expectation. But when they do decide that the time is right, Ted may have jeopardized the opportunity. Meanwhile, Ted still isn't speaking to Barney since he slept with Robin. As such, Barney is looking for a new wing man to replace Ted. He thinks he has the pick of any bro, but he ends up having only one applicant, his overly enthusiastic but slightly nerdish co-worker Randy. Barney thinks he can overcome Randy's shortcomings to make him the best wing man ever. It isn't until Barney learns of something in Randy's past that he truly does believe it.
197.	How I Met Your Mother (2005 TV Series)
Episode: Shelter Island (2008)
In part to preempt her sister Nora from stealing her perfect wedding, Stella convinces Ted to move their wedding up to that weekend on Shelter Island. Beyond Shelter Island not being quite the place that Marshall, Lily or Barney want to be, the wedding faces some immediate issues when Stella learns that Ted has telephoned Robin in Japan to invite her to the wedding, the invitation which she accepted. This move violates Stella's no-ex's at weddings policy as she fears that Ted seeing his ex will bring up old, unresolved feelings. The only thing that could be worse for Stella is if Lucy's father, Tony, was at the wedding. Ted is torn as he really would like Robin, one of his best friends, there. Lily thinks that she has a plan to get Stella to allow Robin to attend, but that plan has some unexpected consequences. When Robin arrives, she has her own admission for Ted.
198.	How I Met Your Mother (2005 TV Series)
Episode: Game Night (2006)
Marshall is seen as the expert gamesman among their group. So it's with glee that he is asked to be head of their games night. He uses the event to unveil his new game, which he's named Marshgammon, a combination of the best of all his favorite games (with one notable exception). This night marks Victoria's first night with the gang, and since Marshall and Lily have vowed to Ted that they won't go all "Mom" on him and question Victoria on her life, Marshall uses Marshgammon for another purpose besides just playing a game. The night proves difficult for Robin as her feelings for Ted strengthen. The one person who the night also unexpectedly is difficult for is Barney, as Lily tells him that she has a videotape for him from an old girlfriend of his named Shannon. Although the gang is ultimately able to watch the video, Barney tells them that the story behind it marks the most embarrassing incident in his life. Before he will tell the entire story, he makes everyone tell their most embarrassing story, Ted's which he knows (which he and Barney call the rereturn) and makes him tell, which Ted doesn't want to especially in front of Robin and Victoria together. But Barney's story truly does reflect the person he is today.
199.	How I Met Your Mother (2005 TV Series)
Episode: Symphony of Illumination (2011)
Child-hating Robin is dismayed at being pregnant, but is mildly surprised at Barney's reaction when she tells him that he's the father. Beyond how this situation will affect Robin's relationship with Kevin, they both go through a roller coaster of emotions about being potential parents based on encounters with other people, Barney's with his old pre-Ted wing man, Insane Duane, and Robin's with Lily's gynecologist Dr. Sonya, who provides her with some additional news about her situation. Ted, who can tell that something is bothering Robin, tries, against her wishes, to cheer her up without knowing the entire situation. Meanwhile, Marshall is determined to have the best Christmas light display ever in the tri-state area. He gets a taste of what it's going to be like to be a father when he gets help putting up the display from a neighborhood teenager named Scott.
200.	How I Met Your Mother (2005 TV Series)
Episode: The Three Days Rule (2009)
Ted has just met a woman named Holli. He wants to call her right away, but Barney tells him he can't because of the "three day rule". To shut Barney up, Ted promises that he'll follow the rule and not call her for three days. Ted finds what he thinks is a loophole: he'll text her instead. But the one text leads to a series of texts over the course of the day that makes Ted discover that Holli may be his perfect girl. Will he tell her that he loves her? That's what Barney and Marshall believe will happen since it really is Barney and Marshall who Ted has been texting, and Barney and Marshall have been responding pretending to be Holli. Barney stole Ted's phone, into which he changed Holli's cell phone number for his own. Robin finds out about what Barney and Marshall have been doing. Believing it to be mean to their best friend, Robin tells Ted what they did. Ted seeks his revenge by texting back a message which will make Barney and Marshall wonder which of the two really is his best friend. Meanwhile, Barney and Marshall have a memorable afternoon with a large, intimidating security guard named Stan with a romantic side. Will either tell Stan that he loves him?
201.	How I Met Your Mother (2005 TV Series)
Episode: Twin Beds (2010)
It's still early in their dating life, but Robin and Don are thinking about moving in together. They need to overcome some early dating hurdles, namely Robin confessing that she used to date both Ted and Barney and what Don's reaction will be to her still hanging out with not one but two of her ex's. But another problem may be that Barney, in facing this possible new phase in Robin's life, comes to the conclusion that he wants Robin back. And in trying to convince Barney that he only wants Robin back because he can no longer have her, Ted also comes to the conclusion that he wants Robin back. Robin now not only has to make a decision about moving in with Don, but how best to preserve that relationship in light of Barney and Ted still being in her life. Meanwhile, Marshall and Lily are forced to sleep in twin beds while away on an overnight trip, but it ends up being the best sleep both have had in quite some time. So they decide on new sleeping arrangements at home.
202.	How I Met Your Mother (2005 TV Series)
Episode: The Scorpion and the Toad (2006)
Barney feels that its time for Marshall to get out in the dating scene once again. He likens Marshall being single to a kid in a candy store, with any candy ready for his picking. Barney tells him that he'll be Marshall's wing man in picking up girls. Their nights out don't quite work out that way, but when the opportunity finally arrives for Marshall and a potential date, Marshall doesn't seem to know what to do. Meanwhile, Robin receives a surprise visit: from Lily. Lily implies that she had the best summer in San Francisco, not only with the art fellowship, but with life overall. Robin tells Ted about Lily's return, the two who argue about whether they should tell Marshall. But when Ted finally sees Lily, he has a different point of view.
203.	How I Met Your Mother (2005 TV Series)
Episode: False Positive (2010)
When Marshall and Lily receive shocking news, it has a profound effect on the gang and forces them to reexamine their own lives. Meanwhile, Robin gets a new job, Barney discovers the joy of giving on Christmas and Ted begins his duties as Best Man for his old friend Punchy's wedding.
204.	How I Met Your Mother (2005 TV Series)
Episode: Pilot (2005)
In Brooklyn, Marshall Eriksen, a terribly insecure, sissy but sweet law student, pops the question to his assertive girlfriend Lily Aldrin, in an inadvertently explosive way (with champagne). This makes their year long cahoot, Ted Mosby, anxious that he may be left all alone. His overbearing 'other best friend', Barney Stinson, forces Ted to play a 'pick-up' game in the bar where he has decided to hunt for Lebanese girls. To both their surprise, Ted actually meets a suitable girlfriend, TV reporter Robin. As soon as he sees her on TV, Ted rushes to her apartment (with five dogs) to declare his love - while the others wait in Bangladeshi Rajit's cab- which startles her.
In the year 2030, fifty-two year old Ted Mosby sits his two teen-aged children down to tell them the story of how he met their mother. Despite his kids being disinterested, Ted proceeds with the story, which started twenty-five years earlier in 2005. Ted, just starting his career as an architect, was living in New York City with his best friend and Wesleyan University roommate Marshall Eriksen, a second year law student. Their life was just about to change as Marshall planned to propose to his longtime girlfriend, kindergarten teacher Lily Aldrin, who they also met at Wesleyan. As Ted, Marshall and Lily hung out together as a threesome, Ted felt he needed to find his own love, despite another of his friends, perpetual suit-wearing, blog-writing, womanizing Barney Stinson, telling him no one should get married before age thirty. Just then, Ted spotted across a crowded bar a beautiful woman who he believed was destined to be his wife. She is a dog-loving on-air reporter. They ended up going on a protracted first date which ended "unfinished". After getting advice from Marshall, Lily and Barney, Ted vowed to finish the date with a grand gesture, which ended up being a little grander in a psychotic way than he imagined it would be. Ted finishes this phase of the story by telling the kids that's how he met their "Aunt" Robin Scherbatsky.
205.	Willy Wonka & the Chocolate Factory (1971)
Adolescent Charlie Bucket is a good, hard working boy. His washerwoman mother is barely able to eke out a living to support Charlie and Charlie's bedridden grandparents Grandma Georgina, Grandpa George, Grandma Josephine, and Grandpa Joe, the latter to whom Charlie has a special bond. They live in the town where the mysterious, reclusive and genius Willy Wonka runs his chocolate factory. Wonka has not been seen in years as he closed his factory to public access after his competitors, most specifically Arthur Slugworth, infiltrated the factory to steal his candy secrets. However, Wonka is once again opening his factory, but only to five people and a guest apiece, each who will be given a lifetime supply of chocolate. Those five will be those that find one of the five golden tickets hidden inside Wonka chocolate bars. Although Charlie's chances of getting a golden ticket are remote at best - especially against a glutton, a spoiled peanut heiress, a gum fanatic and a television fanatic - Charlie wants it more than anyone else and is the small dream which is keeping his spirit alive. Those that eventually get the golden tickets will be exposed to all of Wonka's magical secrets, the latest rumored to be that of the everlasting gobstopper, a candy that never gets smaller. But they will also be treated to an experience that some will hopefully learn from. And one will learn the real reason for Wonka providing access to the factory. But if five are allowed access, others may also try to gain access, such as a devious Slugworth, who will be ruined if the gobstopper hits the markets before he finds out its secret.
206.	House (2004 TV Series)
Episode: Kids (2005)
Teenage competition diver Mary Carroll overcomes her fear and plunges to see all eyes are averted- to her fatherly coach Stahl, who collapsed bleeding. He's brought in and the pool and hospital quarantined, as his symptoms and soon those of a flood of others indicate a meningitis epidemic. Dr. Robert Chase may have the best ideas by far and the steadiest hand, he still is in the dog-house and gets landed with endless chores, including an epic Internet search after House found Mary's case is probably not just meningitis, while Foreman gets the interesting practice and even his breaks. Meanwhile Cuddy not only makes House stay and help screening the flood of possibly infected people like everyone else in such an emergency, but orders him and his only friend Wilson to interview candidates to replace Dr. Allison Cameron, but Gregory's creativity to reject even the most suitable on dubious 'indications' such as footwear makes James conclude it's all Freudian.
207.	House (2004 TV Series)
Episode: Mob Rules (2005)
Before he's supposed to testify against the Mafia and get into a witness protection program, mobster Joey Arnello collapses. It's not sure whether he's faking it or if he's really in a coma and House gets court ordered to find out. While he and his team do their best to find out what's going on with Joey, Joey's brother Bill tries to keep Joey in the hospital so he won't testify while Cuddy tries to convince Vogler House is an essential part of the hospital. In the clinic, House comes across a kid who has stuck toys up his nose while his older brother wasn't watching.
208.	House (2004 TV Series)
Episode: Runaways (2012)
The team treats an underage and homeless female patient, but when her symptoms worsen and call for an invasive surgery requiring adult consent, House and Adams argue over whether they should contact social services. The patient confesses that she ran away from home after struggling to take care of her mother, a recovering drug addict. But when her mother appears at her bedside, a more complicated relationship is revealed and the patient's mother must put the past aside and make the best decision for her daughter. Meanwhile, Taub has a difficult time connecting with his infant daughters and House threatens to exploit Foreman's relationship with a married woman.
209.	House (2004 TV Series)
Episode: Last Resort (2008)
Jason is so tired of doctors failing to find what's wrong with him that he demands a diagnosis from the best by holding House at gun-point, with a bunch of other hostages. Gradually some of those are released in exchange for supplies, such as drugs, which Cuddy must personally deliver. He also insists on testing each drug on a hostage first. House still keeps a keen interest in the problem although his sense of priorities frightens his team.
210.	House (2004 TV Series)
Episode: Pilot (2004)
Pretty 29-year-old kindergarten teacher Rebecca Adler collapses one morning as she teaches her young students, babbling incoherently and unintelligibly. When her physicians cannot diagnose her, Rebecca is sent to Princeton-Plainsboro Teaching Hospital (PPH) in New Jersey to consult with the foremost diagnostician in America, Dr. Gregory House. House's small team of young specialists perform all of the initial testing, including the taking of patient histories, performing environmental studies at her classroom and, by breaking and entering, her home. House firmly believes that everybody lies. He jokes that Rebecca might be running a meth lab in her basement, so he does not want her team to ask her for her house keys. No meth lab is found but there is pork in her refrigerator. Rebecca questions the fact that she has met Dr. Eric Foreman, Dr. Allison Cameron and Dr. Robert Chase (House's entire team), PPH hospital administrator Dr. Lisa Cuddy, and Dr. James Wilson, PPH oncologist and House's best friend - all but Dr. House. She asks Wilson if House cares about his patients; Wilson cannot give her an easy answer. Rebecca asks Wilson if House cares about him, his best friend; when Wilson hesitates, the wise young teacher tells Wilson it is not what people say but, rather, what people do which determines whether they care; so, Wilson acknowledges House cares about him. The treatment Rebecca receives leads to strange side effects but her exact diagnosis eludes the doctors ... until it does not. House has problems with Cuddy, as she demands he work his share of time in the PPH clinic. House tells Cuddy he is a fan of the great philosopher, Mick Jagger; but, through subtle manipulation, Cuddy finds she can get what she needs. In the clinic, a married man who is orange shows up for treatment; House tells him to talk to a divorce attorney. A young man who has diagnosed himself from the Internet seeks House's advice, and House chastises the clueless mother who withholds her son's asthma inhaler. Finally, Rebecca faces her mortality and refuses all further treatment. House has an idea but cannot prove it without more treatment. If he wants to cure her, House will have to visit Rebecca in person and actually talk to her.
211.	Prison Break (2005 TV Series)
Episode: Just Business (2008)
Sara gives Michael another injection tells him he needs a doctor. The lookout Lincoln keeps watching on the outside of the warehouse; when Self throws gas bombs trying to force Michael and his group to leave the place, Lincoln surprises Self, hits him on his back and brings him into the warehouse. Self justifies that his motivation was not personal, just business, and proposes to sell Scylla and share the amount among the whole group; however Gretchen appears out of the blue and balances the situation and they leave the warehouse without a shootout. Meanwhile, Mahone meets agent Lang and tells her what has happened over the last few weeks, and asks who could be trusted in the FBI since the agency and Homeland Security are compromised with infiltrated agents from The Company. General Krantz decides to chase Gretchen using a satellite; Lisa gives her resignation letter to her father. Michael does not want to sell Scylla; Sucre hides himself in the trunk of Self's car and finds the low budget Fauntleroy Hotel where Self and Gretchen are staying. He steals the remaining gas cartridges from the car and texts Lincoln. Michael hides the missing chip of Scylla in the ceiling space of the toilet, but Self sees the location using a camera he planted in the warehouse. Self calls T-Bag and asks him to kill Rita and Emily if he does not call back in two hours with the location. When the seller Ralph Becker arrives on the front door selling Bibles, T-Bag sees his ring and knock-outs the guy, telling Rita that he is a Company agent. He interrogates the man and Rita convinces T-Bag to release Ralph and T-Bag lets Emily and Rita go. However the seller is actually an agent and T-Bag is arrested by The Company. Meanwhile Mahone has a meeting with Agent Wheeler, asking to see someone he can trust; Wheeler promising a meeting with the Attorney General if Alex can provide credible intelligence against The Company. General Krantzs team locates Gretchen and Self in the hotel, but Sucre fights against Gretchen while Michael unscrews the fire escape ladder; when Self leaves the room through the fire escape, he falls on the ground and Michael punches him in the face and recovers the complete Scylla; however, he starts bleeding though his nose and faints. Self retrieves Scylla and The Company catches Michael. Sara and Sucre see on the screen of Self's notebook the hidden camera in the warehouse. When they return to their hideout, they find that Self has found the chip. When Mahone calls Lincoln and finds that Scylla was lost, he is betrayed by Agent Lang and arrested by Wheeler. Lincoln surprisingly arrives at The Company to see Michael, and General Krantz proposes the best doctors and facility for Michael's surgery in return for him retrieving Scylla, and gives a file named Tombstone II to Lincoln. Meanwhile Self kills the intermediate Vikan and his bodyguard so he can sell Scylla directly to the buyer.
212.	Lost (2004 TV Series)
Episode: Everybody Hates Hugo (2005)
Jack assigns Hurley to make an inventory of the food, and he brings Rose to the shelter to help him. More of Hurley's background story is the day when he won the lottery, he quited his job, and disappointed his best friend Johnny. Meanwhile, Sayid and Jack explore the underground shelter trying to find the source of the unstable electromagnetic field. Locke tells Charlie the secret about the shelter. Jin, Sawyer and Michael find that the group that arrested them leaded by Ana Lucia was in the flight 815, and they were twenty three when they crashed the island. Claire finds the bottle with the messages on the beach which confirms to her the loss of the raft.
213.	Lost (2004 TV Series)
Episode: Greatest Hits (2007)
Jack brings the survivors to the woods, calls the jungle woman Danielle and explodes a tree. He discloses that Juliet will mark three tents, as agreed with Ben, to lure The Others, but inside there will be dynamite instead of pregnant women, ready to blow The Others to hell, in which Sawyer, Jin and Bernard volunteer to stay behind to detonate the explosives. At the Others camp, Ben anticipates the raid to the survivors' camp and Alex asks Carl to set out to warn them. Juliet tells the castaways there is a submersible station called Looking Glass, a former Dharma research station offshore, that jams any radio signal from the island. Desmond has a premonition where Charlie flips a button in the Looking Glass and drowns, and then a helicopter arrives and rescues Claire and her baby Aaron. Charlie decides to sacrifice his life to save Claire and her son by traveling to the Looking Glass. Charlie recalls his best moments of his life by writing it on in a piece of paper: when he swam for the first time; when his band Driveshaft played on the radio for the first time; when his older brother gave the family ring for him in Christmas; when he saved a young woman from a thief in an alley and she called him hero; and when he first met Claire in the island.
214.	True Detective (2014 TV Series)
Episode: The Long Bright Dark (2014)
Some 17 years after they worked on a case together, Rust Cohle and Martin Hart, then with the Louisiana State Police Criminal Investigation Division are re-interviewed about a case they worked together. They had only been partners for a few months when a naked woman's body was found in a farmer's field. She was posed kneeling before a tree with a crown of deer antlers on her head. The victim is identified as Dora Lange who, as Cohle had predicted, worked as a prostitute. Hart is a family man who does his best to get to know his new partner but Cohle reveals little of himself other than he is divorced and had a child who died. In the course of their investigation, they take an interest in another case, that of Marie Fontenot, a young girl who disappeared some time ago. They may have also found a link between the two cases.
215.	Star Trek: The Next Generation (1987 TV Series)
Episode: Chain of Command: Part 2 (1992)
Picard's team has been lured to the Cardassian planet Celtris III's fake biological weapon-installation where he is captured and interrogated at the threat of death and truth-drugged. The Enterprise's present Captain Edward Jellico believes the negotiations with the Cardassians are heading for war, especially now Picard's failed intrusion is reported by the scandalized Cardassians. Picard is stripped naked and suspended by the wrists for a thirsty night before torture by a pain-inducing implant made with a geminite knife. The Cardassians prove to Jellico that Picard is captured but deny the agent POW status, so he will suffer a terrorist's fate unless the Federation admits starting a war or retreats from the sector. After scanning the Cardassian ship for indications where they were, Jellico, Data and Geordi guess right Picard was tricked to betray the Federation defense plans for Minos Kordas and get permission to make a bold countermove, requiring best pilot Riker, who openly disapproves of Jellico's cold style and attitude. As Picard resists physical pain, psychological torture by lies is used, but he also finds a way to retort there...
216.	Star Trek: The Next Generation (1987 TV Series)
Episode: In Theory (1991)
The Enterprise is studying a dark matter nebula, one that is thicker and more dense than anything they have ever encountered. They are curious to learn how such a nebula might have affected the development of life forms. They locate am M-class planet that would be ideal for their study but when they arrive at the coordinates, there is no planet to be found. It all points to a far more dangerous problem. Meanwhile, Lt. Commander Data has become the object of Lt. Jenna D'Sora's affections. She has recently ended a relationship with another crewman but Data isn't quite sure how to react. He seeks advice from several colleagues but few can explain to him the complexities of love and a relationship. He certainly gives it his best effort however.
217.	Star Trek: The Next Generation (1987 TV Series)
Episode: Ethics (1992)
After one of the containers Geordi and he where checking in cargo-bay crushes seven of Worf's vertebrates, Dr. Crusher and neuro-specialists see no therapy to get him any leg-use again, Klingon medicine having a bias against neuro-research. Worf quickly asks Riker, as his best friend aboard, to assist him in 'hekba', the Klingon suicide for a permanently disabled warrior, to save his and the family's dignity. Crusher's visiting scientific friend Toby Russell proudly shows her an invention in development, the genotronic replicator, which she believes can scan and reproduce the damaged neuro-system even in Worf's case, but he would be the first humanoid test-patient so Crusher is against. Pride makes Worf decline either seeing his son Alexander or trying implants which can restore 60% of his motor-functions. The Enterprise goes assist the USS Denver, with many patients in need of medical help after a Cardassian attack, but after Crusher sees Russell used an experimental drug on one of them has her throw off the ship. Picard pleads to let her return and reconsider the replicator, as Worf can't accept her alternative. Riker finds Klingon tradition dictates the suicide-assistance be left to the closest kin, and even Worf can't ask this from his half-human boy...
218.	Star Trek: The Next Generation (1987 TV Series)
Episode: Homeward (1994)
The Enterprise responds to a distress signal sent by Worf's adopted brother Dr. Nikolai Rozhenko who has been studying local villagers on a distant planet. The planet's atmosphere has been fast disappearing and Nikolai breaks the Prime Directive by making himself known and doing his best to save them. Picard isn't at all happy with the situation but without telling anyone, Nikolai beams the villagers aboard the Enterprise directly into the holodeck where he has recreated their village. He proposes to find a habitable planet for them and then to beam them down to the surface without them ever knowing they have actually left their homeworld. Picard doesn't have much choice but to agree. This all gets very complicated when one of the villagers manages to leave the holodeck and roam around the ship.
219.	Star Trek: The Next Generation (1987 TV Series)
Episode: The Inner Light (1992)
Not long after the Enterprise approaches an unknown buoy or satellite, Captain Picard falls unconscious on the bridge. He awakens in a village where he is married but also something of a village eccentric who thinks he is a spaceship captain by the name of Picard. His wife Eline tries to soothe him and his good friend Batai does not judge him. He lives a full life, has children and grows old. The planet he is on is dying however, suffering from a long and seemingly permanent drought. On board the Enterprise, the crew does its best to revive their unconscious captain but to no avail.
220.	Star Trek: The Next Generation (1987 TV Series)
Episode: Data's Day (1991)
Lt. Commander Data has a busy day aboard the Enterprise, one where he will continue to learn about people and human emotions. He is to act as best man at the wedding of Miles O'Brien and Keiko Ishikawa. The day starts off badly when Keiko decides not to go through with the wedding and asks Data to deliver the news. O'Brien doesn't take it well. He seeks Lt. Worf's advice on a wedding gift. He also realizes that he needs to learn how to dance and gets Doctor Crusher to give him lessons. Meawhile, the Enterprise is on a dangerous diplomatic mission. The Enterprise is to rendezvous with the Romulans in the Neutral Zone and deliver Vulcan Ambassador T'Pel who is to engage them in important discussions. She apparently dies in a computer malfunction but nothing is as it seems.
221.	Star Trek: The Next Generation (1987 TV Series)
Episode: Half a Life (1991)
Deanna Troi's mother Lwaxana is on board the Enterprise visiting her daughter. She sets her sights on Dr. Timicin, a renowned scientist who has come aboard the Enterprise. He believes he has found a way to re-energize his world's dying sun. Timicin takes a liking to her - and she to him - and they commiserate after his experiment fails. She's shocked however when he tells her that he will now be returning to his home planet to die. He's not ill - but he is about to reach the age of 60 at which point it is customary for his kind to end their lives. Lwaxana is understandably upset and she does her best to convince him to break with tradition. He eventually requests political asylum on the Enterprise but in the end finds he has little choice but to his cultural tradition.
222.	Star Trek: The Next Generation (1987 TV Series)
Episode: Disaster (1991)
After coming into contact with an quantum filament, various members of the crew find themselves trapped in different parts of the ship: Counselor Troi finds herself in command of the bridge; Dr. Crusher and Geordi La Forge are in a loading bay; Commander Riker and Data are in sick bay; Worf and a pregnant Keiko are in Ten Forward; and an injured Captain Picard is in a turbolift with the three school-age winners of a science contest. The anti-matter containment field has been damaged and if it cannot be reversed, the Enterprise will explode. All are doing their best to get control of the ship but are faced with a wide variety of challenges.
223.	Star Trek: The Next Generation (1987 TV Series)
Episode: The Loss (1990)
The Enterprise finds itself in the control of an unknown alien entity and being dragged into a wormhole of sorts from which they and the ship will not survive. It takes some time for them to identify the two-dimensional entity that has taken control of them and they're not sure that it's a sentient being. They are at something of a disadvantage as Counselor Troi seems to has lost her own empathic powers. Distraught, she feels she has no choice but to leave the Enterprise. Guinan tries her best to convince her to use her human abilities such as intuition, but has little success. With the clock ticking down, Captain Picard assigns her to works with Commander Data to find a solution to their dilemma.
224.	Star Trek: The Next Generation (1987 TV Series)
Episode: Hero Worship (1992)
A Starfleet ship has a disaster in the largest black cloud ever observed, an astronomical phenomenon which gravely distorts gravity itself. Data is able to rescue a single survivor, the young boy Timothy, who lost both his parents on the starship and suppresses the unspeakable trauma, yet may have invaluable information about what happened and how the Enterprise is best to handle the black cloud itself. Troi encourages savior Data to spend time with Timothy, who decides to 'become' an android, physically and mentally superior to humans, like his mentor. When the Enterprise reaches the black cloud, the bridge officers prove unable to handle it in any known way like the other ship, Data and Timothy must make the difference...
225.	Star Trek: The Next Generation (1987 TV Series)
Episode: Peak Performance (1989)
The Enterprise crew is ordered to participates in an elaborate Federation war game - in preparation for the Borg - in which Riker will command an inferior 80 year old ship. The Enterprise is joined by Kolrami who is a battle strategist from Zakdorn, who are know as having the most strategic minds in the known galaxy. Kolrami doesn't believe Riker is any good. However, Riker does a number of clever tricks to even the odds of the mock battle, but then a Ferengi battleship decides to join in since the Enterprise's weapons are off line for the war game. Riker and Picard trick the Ferengi and they flee. Kolarmi then agrees that Riker is one of the best.
226.	Star Trek: The Next Generation (1987 TV Series)
Episode: Preemptive Strike (1994)
Ensign Ro Laren is welcomed back with a party after Advanced Tactical Training. Almost immediately she's picked as best suited for an undercover mission in the demilitarized zone, to prevent the peace treaty with the Cardassians being undermined by illegally attacking Federation 'maquis' ships. Again given her ethnic and personal background, the conflict of loyalties -existing with Riker and other crew too- grows as her covert mission to trap the resistance fighters succeeds.
227.	Star Trek: The Next Generation (1987 TV Series)
Episode: Sub Rosa (1994)
The Enterprise visit a colony which recreates the Scottish Highlands, where Dr. Beverly Crusher's very old grandmother is buried. Captain Picard accepts governor Maturin's invitation to stay and help repair the storm-damaged power supply. Her best friend, Ned Quint, warns against an heirloom and the ghost of her lover Ronin in general, about whom granny's diary is extraordinarily explicit. Beverly spends sometime in the house she inherits, and has an incredibly intense experience of dream-contact with the lover. Gradually she learns more about her 'inherited' virtual lover. Thus Ned's warning starts to make sense, but only after he got himself killed trying to sabotage the Enterprise power.
228.	Mistresses (2013 TV Series)
A drama about the scandalous lives of a group of four girlfriends - each on her own path to self-discovery as they brave the turbulent journey together. Meet Savi (Alyssa Milano), a successful career woman working toward the next phase in her life, both professional and personal; simultaneously bucking for partner at her law firm while she and her husband Harry (Brett Tucker) are trying to start a family of their own. Savi's free-spirited and capricious baby sister Josselyn (Jes Macallan) couldn't be more different - living single, serial dating and partying - and regularly leaning on her big sister along the way. Their mutual best friend, April (Rochelle Aytes), a recent widow and mother of one, is rebuilding her life after tragedy and learning to move forward - with the support and guidance of her closest girlfriends. And friend Karen (Yunjin Kim), a successful therapist with her own practice, reconnects with the girls after her involvement in a complicated relationship with a patient goes far too deep.
229.	Mistresses (2013 TV Series)
Episode: What Do You Really Want (2014)
Karen's secret life gets the best of her when she meets a guy she likes. Joss gets shocking news from Harry that could impact both of their lives. With Daniel out of town, April has her reasons to decline a dinner invitation with the wealthy parents of her daughter's best friend. Before Savi and Harry sign their divorce papers, she has an epiphany that challenges her future with Dom.
230.	Mistresses (2013 TV Series)
Episode: An Affair to Surrender (2014)
The four best girlfriends come together to help Savi say goodbye to her beloved house. Meanwhile, April realizes the world of being a mistress collides with her role as a mother. A scheming Joss finds a way to keep Harry from returning to Australia when she meets a celebrity supermodel, and Karen is faced with a soul-crushing dilemma concerning her lover, Jacob and her client, Anna.
231.	Person of Interest (2011 TV Series)
After the 9/11 terrorist attacks, a wealth billionaire software engineer & genius, who generally goes by the name Harold Finch, created a Machine that is an all-seeing Supercomputer designed to detect acts of terror before they can happen. The Supercomputer simply called "The Machine" can monitor the entire world through every cell-phone (using voice print technology), email (using keyword filters) and surveillance camera (using facial reconciliation). Finch and best friend Nathan Ingram devised the machine to sell to the US government, using Ingrams own company IFT in New York. The 2 made a deal that keeps Finch's animosity while Ingram acts as a front man so the government are unaware of Finch working behind the scenes. The purpose of the machine is so that the government can spot acts leading to terrorism and stop them before they can act but Finch discovered that the machine sees everything, potential terrorist acts and violent crimes that involve ordinary people. Knowing the government would considered violent crimes between normal people "irrelevant", Finch programed the Machine to delete the "Irrelevant" list every-night at midnight but Ingram becomes guilt ridden and builds a back-door into the system and programs the machine to give him the social security number of a person involved in a future violent crime before the midnight deadline deletes the list. But with only the social security number to go on it's difficult to tell if the person will be the victim or the perpetrator of the crime. Soon Finch finds out about what Nathan has been doing and is angry that Nathan is putting the project in jeopardy, so they fight. Nathan reveals he has decided to go public and tell the world about what he and Finch have done by talking to a reporter in a public place. However the government finds out and just before Finch turned of a computer screen, Ingram's picture pops-up but Finch does not see it. Before he can talk to the reporter the government stages a terrorist attack on a New York ferry, which was the meeting place Ingram had chosen. Ingram and the reporter are killed and Finch (whom turned up to see Ingram) ends up partially paralyze and goes into hiding, even from his fiance Grace Hendrix, whom the Machine itself had picked out as perfect match for Finch. Finch finds out the Machine knew about Ingram being a target and so changes his mind about helping the potential victims. Flashforward a few years and Finch enlists the help of an ex-CIA special operative who generally goes by the name John Reese to assist in his mission, Reese who is officially listed as dead after the CIA betrayed him. Reese blames himself for the death of the love of his life, Jessica Arndt, who is killed by her abusive husband, whom she married after Reese pushed her away to rein-list in the Army after the 9/11 attacks. Reese had gone on a suicidal path before Finch found him in the gutter, and gives him a purpose. Together the pair attempt to stop violent crimes before they can happen, with Reese taking on the moniker of the man-in-the-suit. Reese initially uses a corrupt cop called Lionel Fusco whom he coerces, by using Fuscos gun to shoot a fellow corrupt cop in self-defense, into helping him track down leads involving the Persons of Interests and soon Fusco starts to redeem himself of his own free will. Eventually their activities lead to being hunted by the New York Police Department, led by Homicide Detective Jocelyn "Joss" Carter, whom is a good cop in a crooked department, after Reese saves her life, she has a change of heart and joins them in there crusade. Early on in the series Reese arranges for Fusco and Carter to be partners to keep tabs on Carter when she was hunting them, after she changes her mind about Reese and Finch, Reese decides not to tell either Fusco or Carter that the other are working with him and Finch to protect them as well as keeping them both in the dark as to how they know about the crimes aka "the Machine". Also after Reese is the CIA, led by Mark Snow, who want to finish the job to take Reese out and the FBI led by Special Agent Nicholas Donnelly, who thinks Reese is still working for the CIA as a government hit-man. Soon a computer hacker named Root finds out about the Machine and decides she wants access to it to free it from control. The team also face dangers from the government which is keeping all knowledge of the machine secret from the public. As the series progresses the Team (consisting of Reese, Finch, Fusco and Carter) called by fans of the Show as Team Machine soon gains additional members including a dog called Bear, a Belgian Malinois with military training whom Reese rescues from Aryan Nationalists, who were using him as an attack dog and Sameen Shaw a former ISA operative, originally an assassin working for "The Program", the section of the Government dealing with the "relevant" numbers found by The Machine. She begins to have doubts after one of her targets proves to be an engineer working for the government; the assassination is part of the cover-up that conceals the existence of The Machine. As a result, her partner is killed and she becomes a number. Reese and Finch save her life and she subsequently works for them on a regular basis. Team machine saves many lives, including Zoe Morgan a "fixer" who specializes in crisis management. Finch and Reese first met her as a person of interest and she works with them on cases that require her skills. They also save the life of a man called Charlie Burton, only to discover he is a budding mob boss called Carl Elias. Elias is trying to take over the New York criminal underworld with the help of the crooked cops called HR, whom Fusco was formerly affiliated with and who Carter makes it her mission to take down after they kill her boyfriend Cal Beecher, whose Godfather was the head of the organization. But taking down HR results in tragedy for one of the team. The team maybe just a small group of people in need of redemption but they are determined to do there best to make a difference and save the lives of New York's population. So don't miss this fresh new series and remember "You are being Watched".
232.	Person of Interest (2011 TV Series)
Episode: Critical (2012)
The latest number the machine dispenses belongs to heart surgeon, Dr. Madeleine Enright, known as the best in her field. That is why wealthy businessman Oliver Veldt chooses her for his heart surgery, which is kept secret from the public and for which the entire wing of the hospital is to be kept secure for his safety. Finch and Reese are certain that she is the intended target. But they quickly learn that she is the unwilling perpetrator. Just before the operation is scheduled to begin, she is threatened by a mysterious Brit named Alistair Wesley to kill Veldt on the operating room table and make it look like an accident, or else Wesley will get one of his many operatives to kill Maddy's wife, Amy, who, during the duration of the operation, is left vulnerable in a wide open and busy public space, where the many unknown operatives can monitor her movements. Reese and Finch also learn that Wesley has at least one operative somewhere in the hospital monitoring what Maddy is doing in the operating room. With the help of one of their old persons of interest who again is in trouble due to his own doing, Reese and Finch have to find out for who Wesley is working to discover why he is intent of killing Veldt before Maddy has to make the decision to sacrifice Veldt or possibly her wife Amy. Meanwhile, Fusco calls in Carter on a homicide that seems to have a personal connection to her.
233.	Person of Interest (2011 TV Series)
Episode: Truth Be Told (2016)
In light of his recent downtime and advice from others, Reese explores the option of moving to the next step in his relationship with Iris, however knowing that he cannot divulge the true nature of his work to her, at least not yet. As the numbers from the Machine become more steady, he may have a clearer picture if he can maintain a work/life balance at this time. That next number belongs to Alex Duncan, a computer security expert working for a consulting company. As Reese infiltrates Alex's work life and learns his story including whether he is the victim or perpetrator, Reese will find that his own CIA past is mixed up in Alex's goings-on, most specifically with his old boss, Terence Beale. Reese has to figure out how to deal with this case in light of the fact that Beale and the CIA believe him to be dead, yet he is still committed to his work in helping the victim in this and any other case. Meanwhile, the Machine has placed Root in the undercover position of a courier driver. She eventually learns the reason for this job has to do with Samaritan spreading malware for some specific but unknown purpose, with the courier company unwittingly the carrier of the equipment allowing this to happen. Root and Finch have to figure out how to infiltrate the shipments without Samaritan's knowledge. In the end, Root and Finch have a fundamental disagreement on how best use their newfound information.
234.	Person of Interest (2011 TV Series)
Episode: A More Perfect Union (2016)
Reese is given the assignment as lead in dealing with the latest number by the Machine, it a number for a marriage license, that of heiress Phoebe Turner, whose father, Kent Turner, owns a $1 billion horse breeding/racing business, and Will O'Brien, a relatively poor public defender. Finch's initial thought is that Will is the intended target as someone, perhaps Kent, probably does not want him to get his hands on any of the Turners' vast wealth. The best way to deny the perpetrator's intention is to make sure that the wedding proceeds as planned, which means the team infiltrating the wedding. While Finch devises a way for Reese to use his masculine good looks in getting an invite, Finch decides to assist in also being at the wedding, masquerading as one of Will's relatives from Ireland. Finch probably wishes that he did more research into "Uncle Ralph" before choosing this identity as his way in. They will find that the situation is more complex as one of Phoebe's bridesmaids is Will's ex-girlfriend Becca, and a plethora of protesters are outside the Turner farm, where the wedding is taking place, they protesting the rumors of Kent's rampant illegal drug use on his horses to make them win. During this time, Root is left at the subway to manage any incoming messages from the Machine, although she admits that she would much rather be at the wedding, which Finch believes seems out of place as something Root would not want to attend for any reason. Meanwhile, Fusco is researching a slew of recent missing persons, among those Krupa Naik from the team's ShotSeeker case. He is given the additional task of investigating an addition number from the Machine, that for Howard Carpenter, a civil planner for the city. Fusco will find that Carpenter will lead him to an old "friend", and come around full circle to the missing persons. And after close to eight thousand simulations with no change in outcome, Samaritan through Greer takes a different tack in trying to convince Shaw that working for them is for the greater public good.
235.	Person of Interest (2011 TV Series)
Episode: Number Crunch (2011)
Instead of the usual one, the machine spews out four numbers of seemingly unrelated people: NYU lecturer Claire Ryan, waiter Matt Duggan, hairstylist Wendy McNally and unemployed Paula Vasquez. A grouping of numbers like this generally means to Finch that they are however somehow connected. In tracking the first name on the list, Reese is too late as that person is found dead. As such, Reese believes the best thing to do is for each of himself, Finch and Fusco to follow one of the remaining three apiece to ensure they all stay alive. Some of the three prove to be more elusive than their respective tracker anticipated. In further searching, Reese notices that two have increased their spending of late. And Finch learns that all four were at the scene of a fatal car crash two days earlier. From those two discoveries, Finch and Reese are able to figure out why the four are targeted, but they have to find out who is behind the killings, which seems to have a connection to a congressman and his drug dealing son. Meanwhile, the fact that Carter reported that when she was almost fatally shot by her snitch Bottle Cap, she was saved by the man that she has been tracking proves problematic for internal. But someone else sitting in with internal on Carter's review may provide her with at least some indication as to Reese's identity.
236.	Person of Interest (2011 TV Series)
Episode: Masquerade (2012)
Finch's recent abduction and captivity by Root has affected his psyche, which may or may not be helped by adjusting to life with his new roommate. Despite Finch's problems, the machine still dispenses numbers, the latest being for twenty-one year old Sofia Campos, the daughter of Brazilian diplomat and aspiring Brazilian presidential candidate, Hector Campos. Following Sofia may be Reese's biggest challenge to date, as she is a smart but spoiled young woman with a mind of her own who dislikes the overly protected life of a diplomat and potential presidential candidate's daughter. She would rather go shopping on her own, or clubbing or hanging out with her friends, most specifically her best girlfriend Gabi, and her American boyfriend, Jack Hughes, of whose existence her protective father is unaware. Reese figures the best way to stay close to Sofia is to get a job as her bodyguard. As Sofia tries to lose Reese at every turn, she may inadvertently set herself up to that unknown threat, which may come from the people she least expects. Meanwhile, Carter and Fusco continue their investigation into Alicia Corwin's death. In doing so, Carter runs into an old nemesis.
237.	Person of Interest (2011 TV Series)
Episode: B.S.O.D. (2016)
Reese, with the decompressed Machine in hand in a secured briefcase, Finch and Root are all individually trying to make it back to the subway, believing that their undercover identities have been discovered by Samaritan. Reese in particular has to find the other two as the Machine is slowly dying, its revival something that is outside of his skill set. Beyond looking for the other two and making their way back to the subway, they may be able to take refuge in any locale they know is devoid of public cameras. One in particular decides to call in an old favor, which may end up backfiring. Through this process, Finch, upon thinking about what looks to be the imminent demise of his creation and knowing what he knows now, reflects back to 2006, the year he created the Machine, and what he may have done differently if given a second chance. Meanwhile, Fusco is being questioned by among others Internal Affairs in he being the only representative of the NYPD present when both Elias and Dominic were killed, the inference being that Fusco shot Dominic. Fusco has to figure out how best to get himself out of what seems to be a possible hole without compromising the team. The advice Fusco gets from a trusted source doesn't sit well with him.
238.	Person of Interest (2011 TV Series)
Episode: 6,741 (2016)
Shaw is able to escape from Greer and his men, using a known method for her friends to find her, all the while eluding Greer and Samaritan. When Shaw is reunited with her friends who believe it best not to take her back to the safe "house" or divulge the location of the Machine to her, it is not all a happy reunion. While Reese wants to be careful believing that Samaritan might have turned her, they are all aware that a microchip has been implanted in her skull, the chip probably some method of control over her. Even when Root is able to extract the chip from her skull, Shaw knows that something is still not quite right with her. Finch is able to decipher for what the chip was meant to accomplish. All these items together truly do make Shaw a risk to the team.
239.	Person of Interest (2011 TV Series)
Episode: Pilot (2011)
A homeless man who was involved in a physical assault incident on the New York subway is bailed out of jail by who he learns is an extremely wealthy man named Finch. Finch knows the homeless man is an ex-special ops agent best known as John Reese (his most common alias), who quit his job and dropped out of life because of a professional incident leading to the death of his girlfriend, Jessica, and how the government handled the situation. Finch offers Reese a chance to do for others what he was unable to do for Jessica: save their lives, based on inside knowledge he has about violent crimes about to be committed. All Finch knows is the name of the person at the center of the crime, he unaware if that person is the perpetrator or victim. Reese reluctantly goes along with Finch, who later tells him the nature and source of the information. Their first person of interest is New York prosecuting attorney Diane Hanson. Based on what information Reese is able to gather about her, he believes she is the intended victim, and the murderer is associated with her latest case, that of a drug deal gone bad. Reese eventually learns that not all is as it appears on the surface, but that someone involved will serve some long term benefit for future cases. Meanwhile, Detective Carter, who is the lead investigator in the subway incident, knows that her homeless man too is someone who is not all he appears on the surface as she tries to track him following his release.
240.	Person of Interest (2011 TV Series)
Episode: Wingman (2014)
The latest problem for Reese is that he has to get used to being part of a police force and doing things by the book as opposed to taking matters into his own individual hands. This problem is exacerbated by having a new boss, Captain Moreno, who has placed him under a microscope because of his renegade behavior, and who is now easily agitated as she tries to quit smoking. Another larger problem for the entire team is lack of money, as Finch can't access his funds. Somewhat because of Reese's issue, Finch and Shaw decide that the person best to lead their next case is Fusco. The number belongs to Andre Cooper, a former longshoreman turned professional "wingman": he provides assistance to men in trying to pick up women. Beyond Fusco trying to find out Cooper's story, Cooper may actually be able to help Fusco with his stalled personal life. But Shaw does discover that Cooper, in an issue from his longshoreman past, was recently asked to testify at a case regarding a missing shipment of guns, which probably means someone is after him in not wanting him to divulge information. Meanwhile, the Machine has given Root and Finch a task of their own, the actual task of which they are unaware until each step along the process. As such, they don't know their end goal until they reach it.
241.	Person of Interest (2011 TV Series)
Episode: Guilty (2015)
Feeling a bit battered by the recent goings-on directed by Samaritan, Finch and Reese have hit a backlog of numbers, many of which have already resolved themselves badly in the team's absence, now with only three outstanding missing persons cases. With Root off trying to find information on Shaw on her own, they decide that they will no longer involve Fusco in not wanting anyone else but who started as their original two person team to get hurt in the process of the work. Finch also has to deal with "Harold Whistler" being called for jury duty, something that Finch feels he at least has to make an appearance at in not wanting to draw attention to himself to Samaritan. Despite Finch's best efforts, he is unable to get himself off from actual jury duty, being called to sit on the trial of Chad Bryson, charged with the murder of his wife, Caroline Mills, the CEO of Infinince Telecommunications, which is developing revolutionary new wireless technology. The prosecution's claim is that Chad, who failed at business himself, was emasculated by his wife's business success, and rather than divorce which would leave him with nothing... In the meantime, Reese receives the next number from the Machine, that belonging to Emma Blake, one of Finch's fellow jurors and one of the few who made no effort to try and get out of jury duty. She is a high school teacher, forty-one years in the business until she was recently forced into early retirement. Finch and Reese eventually learn that she is being threatened by an unknown person to fix the outcome of the trial, they assume by someone working for Bryson in wanting an acquittal. She was probably chosen because of her general unassuming yet intelligent nature, which would not draw attention to herself, yet be a voice of authority to the other jurors. For her own reasons, their old friend, Zoe Morgan, inserts herself into the case. Their missions are to find out who the fixer is working on Bryson's behalf, and for Finch, in his role as juror, to neutralize Emma's voice in the deliberation. Meanwhile, Reese is nearing the end of his mandated sessions with Dr. Campbell. In part because she seems to have a better handle on him than he would have suspected, Reese decides for the first time in a long time to open up about himself... at least a little.
242.	Person of Interest (2011 TV Series)
Episode: Karma (2015)
Reese and Finch try to protect a psychologist whose unorthodox methods for helping his patients find closure could cost him dearly. Meanwhile, flashbacks reveal Finch fragile state in days following bombing that killed his best friend, Nathan Ingram.
243.	Person of Interest (2011 TV Series)
Episode: One Percent (2013)
The next number Reese and Finch work on is that of Logan Pierce, a self-made billionaire, whose social networking website, friendczar.com, which he founded and still operates with his best friend and partner, Justin Ogilvie, is going public in 72 hours. This IPO has the potential to be the largest in history. Reese and Finch believe Pierce is the intended target as his reckless and win-at-all-cost mentality has resulted in him making many enemies. These potential enemies include competitors, all of whom friendczar has crushed many in immoral ways, and his own company colleagues who feel that he is too reckless to be an effective CEO and is thus a liability. Reese quickly learns that it will be not easy to follow Pierce as he lives by his own rules, which is made all the more easy for Pierce by his extreme wealth. As such, Reese decides a different than traditional tact is required to protect Pierce. But Reese and Finch also realize that being a wealthy computer expert, Pierce has the potential to be a problem for them in the future. Meanwhile, Fusco contemplates telling Carter of his less than clean past as she delves into murders with which he was involved.
244.	Person of Interest (2011 TV Series)
Episode: The Devil's Share (2013)
The team is grieving there team member's murder and Reese's serious wounding by Officer Patrick Simmons, who is on the run and wanted by the authorities. He is also being hunted by the Russians, who now feel betrayed by HR. Reese, who should be in the hospital and who may die if he doesn't receive proper medical attention, and Shaw decide to go rogue and go after Simmons individually through whichever HR members are still out there. Finch and Fusco are able to locate Shaw, who knows that they will not be able to do the same with Reese. The only person who may know where Simmons is is Quinn, who is being held in FBI custody at an unknown location. Shaw knows that there is one person who may be able to locate Reese through Quinn: Root. Finch has to decide if he can trust Root in order to save Reese. Others on the team may have their own ideas of how best to find Reese, and deal with both Quinn and Simmons if they can be located.
245.	Person of Interest (2011 TV Series)
Episode: Q & A (2015)
Reese is left largely on his own to deal with their next number, Anna Mueller, a transcriber for Fetch and Retrieve, one of the hottest Internet companies in the world, it which specializes in search engines. The project on which Anna works is VAL, an acronym for Voice Activated Lookup, an app which is supposed to act as one's voice recognized personal assistant: ask VAL a question on where best to find something, and VAL will respond. Anna and the other transcribers' responsibility is in part to be a human backup for VAL. After looking into Anna's life, Reese believes the reason for Anna being a number has to do with one or a combination of three things: her questioning the activities of one of VAL's clients, who was directed to places where VAL should not have taken him; her living with her cancer-ridden sister, Jill; and/or her secret life as an underground MMA fighter, MMA which is banned in New York. The reason Reese is left to deal with Anna on his own is because Finch has discovered that Nautilus has resurfaced. Based on the Nautilus poster he finds, he believes that the previous Nautilus winner, prodigy Claire Mahoney, is in trouble. He is correct as after being recruited by Nautilus, Claire found that everything she touched on Nautilus' behalf led to an innocent person ending up being dead. After Finch tells her all about Samaritan and it being behind Nautilus, Claire believes she has a way for her and Finch to bring Samaritan down. Finch has to tread carefully as although Samaritan thugs had almost killed Claire in their pursuit of her, Finch isn't too sure if Claire is telling him the truth or working for Samaritan in trying to locate the team.
246.	Person of Interest (2011 TV Series)
Episode: ShotSeeker (2016)
The team is divided in their efforts. Finch has set up a confined simulation to see how the Machine would fare against Samaritan in an open battle, the process largely excluding Root. Beyond that exclusion, Root and Finch have a philosophical disagreement on how best to handle the outcome of the simulation, most specifically if Finch needs to make changes to the Machine's coding so that she can better protect herself. Fusco has been menacingly approached by Bruce Moran, an associate of Elias'. Moran, who had been underground since Elias' death four months ago, is looking for answers from the people he thinks are in the know, Fusco only the most visible. They have to decide how much to divulge to Moran for his and their own good. With those three occupied, Reese is left largely on his own to deal with the latest number, that belong to Ethan Garvin, a sound analyst for ShotSeeker, a company that produced and administers a program used by the NYPD that monitors false alarm sounds, most specifically things that may sound like gunshots but are really something else like a firecracker or a car backfiring, before the police are dispatched. Reese eventually learns that Ethan believes that ShotSeeker misidentified three rapid fire sounds as firecrackers that were really gunshots. In that, he also believes that those gunshots killed a young woman named Krupa Naik, a research scientist who has been missing since. Evidence points to a man named JD Carrick as her murderer, he the CEO of a company that wanted to buy her research so that he could quash it as it being used or known would hurt his business. As Reese and the team uncover who is behind wanting Ethan killed, all their issues start to converge into one big issue already known to them, namely Samaritan.
247.	Person of Interest (2011 TV Series)
Episode: If-Then-Else (2015)
The first act following the Machine and Samaritan's cold war summit, which ended in a standoff, is that Samaritan starts to take the market down by crashing the New York Stock Exchange. Samaritan's plan entails a few small rebounds to prevent the fail-safe system from kicking in. Reese, Finch, Root and Fusco know that the best way to combat this take down is not to deal with anything on the market floor, where the minority of trades are actually made, but to deal with the server in the Exchange's basement, the server which processes the vast majority of trades. Shaw is not with them as she still needs to hide from Samaritan's cameras. As such, Shaw has her own task off site. Both the foursome and Shaw's tasks end up not being as straightforward as they would have liked, each placed in a precariously life threatening situation. Root has to wait for the Machine to evaluate all the possible options for success before moving. The question becomes if there is not one option which has a 100% probability of success, if the Machine will listen to a lesson taught to her by Finch in 2003 when he taught her how to play chess in evaluating what will be the best option.
248.	Tyrant (2014 TV Series)
Episode: Desert Storm (2015)
To save Barry from certain slaughter, Molly decides to tell Jamal that the man known as Khalil is really Barry. The question becomes whether Jamal will believe her and if he does what he will do about it. As Leila was unable to go through with murdering Jamal, Molly may have an ally in her in her own want for what is best for the rest of her family's future. Even if Molly's message about Rami and his troops not coming makes it to Barry, it may be too late for Barry and the Red Hands. One of their remaining hopes may be to play off the internal struggles of Ihab, who has come far from the idealistic young man he once was to one seemingly only seeking revenge for Samira's death seemingly at any cost.
249.	Tyrant (2014 TV Series)
Episode: Mark of Cain (2015)
It's four months after the failed coup, and Barry is still behind bars awaiting his fate. While some believe executing him will eliminate him as a problem forever, others believe executing him will only make him a martyr and strengthen the insurgency, those who are demanding his release. The insurgency is also due to Jamal's regime being as repressive as ever. Some in the insurgency are not sure that theirs is a battle that can be won, with Fauzi and Samira on different sides of how best to achieve the Abuddin of which they dream. While the rest of the family is back in the States, Molly remains at the US embassy working on diplomatic options to get Barry released. Through it all, Jamal wants to show the world Abuddin is open for business, he fostering greater ties with the Chinese. He also wants to groom Ahmed to follow in his footsteps, Ahmed who may have thoughts of his own for what he wants his and Nusrat's life to be.
250.	Tyrant (2014 TV Series)
Episode: Cockroach (2016)
As President, Barry making the decision not to run in whenever the first free elections has profound effects. Barry is unaware that there are certain factions that see him solely as another Al-Fayeed whose words are hollow, and that real change in Abuddin can only be accomplished through revolution in deposing any Al-Fayeed. Barry welcomes Molly's offer to spread the word of the free elections as First Lady by making public appearances, the first scheduled for Ma'an with Rami leading the security detail. Emma also wants to get involved to be more immersed in the family's new political life. Little do they know that Ihab Rashid, from his outpost in the Caliphate territory in Syria, has a singular mission, which he will try to implement on first opportunity: kill Molly in an eye for an eye. Barry's childhood best friend Fauzi Nadal returns to Abuddin, and wants to reconnect with Barry. Barry has to decide if he will tell Fauzi of his role in the death of Fauzi's daughter, Samira - Ihab's girlfriend - who nonetheless was a rebel working with Ihab and the Caliphate. Barry's decision on the matter may take into account the fact that he has ordered a Truth and Reconciliation commission. Another person who has returned to Abuddin after a long absence is US Army General William Cogswell, who does not know that his transfer out of the country was on Leila's urging when Jamal was still President. Now as Foreign Secretary, Leila will enter into negotiations with Cogswell, whose offer is to provide military support for a permanent base in the country. Cogswell's own personal problems affects the negotiations. And Sammy, on Halima's suggestion, decides to take a class to learn more about the politics of Abuddin. What starts off as purely an academic exercise for his own benefit turns into something a little more.
251.	New Girl (2011 TV Series)
Episode: Big Mama P (2016)
When Cece and Schmidt ask Jess and Nick to be their Maid of Honor and Best Man, respectively, their first task is to plan the engagement party. But when Jess invites Cece's mom to join in the celebration, Cece is forced to make a surprising announcement to Schmidt.
252.	The Originals (2013 TV Series)
Episode: When the Levee Breaks (2015)
Setting the stage for a bloody showdown, Dahlia gives Klaus and Hayley a deadline to turn over baby Hope. Elijah attempts to convince Klaus that they need to work together in their fight against Dahlia, but Klaus forges ahead with his own dangerous plan, leaving everyone concerned about his next steps. Meanwhile, when Hayley realizes their chances of outrunning Dahlia are slim, she devises a risky plan and enlists Aiden's help. Elsewhere, Freya gives Rebekah and Elijah an ultimatum, and Marcel strategizes on how best to deal with Klaus' erratic behavior.
253.	The Originals (2013 TV Series)
Episode: They All Asked for You (2015)
When a dangerous run-in with a coven of vengeful witches forces Rebekah to align with Marcel, they quickly discover that the body Rebekah is currently inhabiting has a checkered past. Upon learning that Rebekah is in danger, Elijah seeks out a respected elder witch, Josephine, in the hopes she might offer her assistance. Meanwhile, tensions build when Klaus clashes with Hayley and Jackson over how best to protect baby Hope from Finn, Elsewhere, Freya, convinces Finn to bring her to Mikael, the father she hasn't seen in over a thousand years. Lastly, a confrontation with Freya leaves Elijah and Klaus questioning whether they can trust their long-lost sister.
254.	The Originals (2013 TV Series)
Episode: City Beneath the Sea (2015)
When Dahlia devises a clever way to get Klaus' attention, she reveals some startling details about baby Hope and leaves him with an enticing proposition to consider. Elsewhere, while Elijah and Freya find themselves with opposing views on how best to handle Dahlia's looming deadline, Rebekah, Davina and Cami work together to come up with their own strategy. Meanwhile, following a tense standoff between Elijah and Jackson in the bayou, Hayley is left to make a difficult decision about her and Hope's future. Finally, Vincent, who is eager to leave his witch past behind him, approaches Davina with an offer that leaves her intrigued.
255.	The Originals (2013 TV Series)
Episode: Red Door (2014)
In order to show Elijah that her plan is what's best for him, Esther forces him to relive a time long ago when he loved a young woman named Tatia. With the help of Marcel, Hayley is determined to find Elijah, who has gone missing, but is torn when she discovers that Klaus is also in trouble. Elsewhere, Cami finds herself in a dangerous situation when Mikael takes her hostage as a way to lure Klaus to him, and Davina makes an upsetting discovery about Kaleb's true identity. Lastly, a violent confrontation ensues when Klaus comes face-to-face with Mikael.
256.	The Originals (2013 TV Series)
Episode: An Unblinking Death (2014)
Desperate to help Kieran, Camille insists on an unconventional treatment, but her good intentions lead Kieran to a violent episode. After Klaus and Elijah disagree over the best way to handle the Crescent Wolves, Elijah makes a trip to the bayou, where he is witness to a horrific explosion that only adds to the hatred and mistrust among the communities. While Jackson and Elijah work to save the wounded, Hayley learns a surprising piece of her family history from Marcel.
257.	The X Files (1993 TV Series)
Episode: War of the Coprophages (1996)
When an exterminator in Millers Grove, Massachusetts drops dead and 2 more townspeople follow, every citizen screams "roaches!" Indeed Agent Mulder, the town's best hope for survival, is hot on the trail of the creepy crawling insects, and it's all a matter of not bugging out!
258.	The X Files (1993 TV Series)
Episode: Deep Throat (1993)
Mulder and Scully investigate the mental breakdown and disappearance of a U.S. Air Force officer, Col. Robert Budahas, once a well regarded test pilot. Mulder's research reveals that there is a pattern of breakdowns at Ellens Air Force base but Scully thinks there are any number legitimate medical reasons for what has happened. Mulder is soon in touch with local UFO enthusiasts and learns where in the area is best to view UFOs. He comes across two young people who regularly sneak onto the base through a hole in the fence to sit back and watch. Mulder believes the aircraft the locals are seeing were built using alien technology and it becomes apparent that the U.S. government is hiding something and will go to great lengths to keep it that way. Throughout, Mulder receives advice and a friendly warning from an unknown man, Deep Throat, who warns him to be careful and confirms Mulder's suspicions about aliens.
259.	The X Files (1993 TV Series)
Episode: Home (1996)
Scully and Mulder investigate the death of a newborn child found in a shallow grave on the outskirts of a small town. Mulder loves the locale and thinks it's small-town America at its best. It even has a sheriff by the name of Andy Taylor. Sheriff Taylor is highly reluctant to investigate the family nearest where the baby was found however. He tells the agents that the three brothers who live there are all simple, the product of generations of inbreeding in the Peacock family. When the Sheriff is killed, all evidence points to the Peacocks and the FBI agents are shocked at what they find in the house.
260.	Cold Feet (1997 TV Series)
At times comedic and at other times heartbreaking, the series follows the intertwining lives of three Manchester couples at different stages in their relationships. At the start, Adam Williams and Rachel Bradley are a new couple. Adam's best friend Pete Gifford and his wife Jenny are adjusting to life as new parents. While Rachel's friends Karen and David Marsden fear the possible disintegration of their marriage. Other reoccurring characters include the Marsden's nanny, Ramona, and, in later series, Rachel's coworker Jo Ellison. Poignantly true to life but with fantastical twists the drama/sitcom explorers all the ups and downs of romance.
261.	Cold Feet (1997 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #3.8 (2000)
Pete tries to get the others to record a congratulatory video for the happy couple but their cynicism intrudes. On the morning of the wedding Pete has cold feet about the divorce and so he and Jenny decide that they will give their marriage yet another chance. As Robert moves out to live with Sarah,the woman he took to the restaurant,he tells Jenny that he saw David with Jessica and Jenny tells Rachel but they are nervous about letting Karen know. The wedding goes ahead - no thanks to Pete,who forgets to order the car for Adam and whose reference to Kris in his best man's speech shocks Rachel's parents,who knew nothing about him. At the reception at the Marsdens David realizes that everybody knows about him and Jessica except Karen,so he breaks it to her,offering to leave. However she asks him to stay for their children's sake. Some time later everybody is watching the video Pete made of the wedding.
262.	Cold Feet (1997 TV Series)
Episode: Pilot (1997)
Having ended yet another relationship ladies' man Adam Williams goes to the pub with best friend Pete Gifford. Pete brings him home to the annoyance of his wife Jenny,who is especially fertile and anxious to make a baby. Next day in a supermarket car park Adam's car collides with that of Rachel,whose boyfriend Simon has just announced that he is leaving her to work in Hong Kong. There is attraction between Adam and Rachel,whose friends Karen and David urge her to go on a date. After seeing a particularly bad play Rachel and Adam sleep together but,though things seem to be going well,they argue and Simon returns to tell Rachel he is not going to Hong Kong after all. Determined not to let Rachel go Adam makes a grand - and very bare - gesture involving a rose,which wins her back. Jenny discovers that she is pregnant whilst Karen persuades David to get a nanny for their son.
263.	That '70s Show (1998 TV Series)
Episode: Sunday, Bloody Sunday (1998)
Red's mother visits the Forman's. After going to church, Red lies about repairing stuff around the house just to avoid spending time with his mother. Kitty, who's recently stopped smoking, desperately tries her best not to be hateful to Red's hypercritical mother but could really use a smoke. Eric tries to keep them all together like a happy family while he also has to write a report due the next day. The only one to get along with Red's mother is Fez.
Kitty has finally stopped smoking, but then Red's mother, grandma 'queen' Bernice, visits, which always puts the Formans at tender hooks, especially Kitty, who ends up demanding the kids give her a smoke from their secret cache, while everybody hides in the basement, even Red. The only exception is Fez, whose native reverence for feet means wanting to give the old bag a foot massage makes them instant best friends; this lets Eric off the hook, who had volunteered to spend time with grandma to spare Kitty. Eric finds the gang utterly useless at helping with homework, even when anyone tries. Kelso keeps announcing he'll break up with Jackie but enjoying physical contact more, this time even a hickey.
264.	That '70s Show (1998 TV Series)
Episode: Ice Shack (2001)
Kelso hopes to win Jackie back by taking only her and 'perfect couple' Erica-Donna to an ice-shack, but Fez not only manages to hop on to the van, he also does what Michael planned but can't bring himself to: copying Eric's whipped gentleman-gestures. Fez dares the couples to a quiz, with him as 'impartial' judge: which loverboy knows his dream-girl best; although his questions are ludicrously harder, Kelso aces every one, while Donna is furious over Eric's truthful last answer: she would change her large feet, by her own words. Yet disaster strikes surprisingly... On the home front, Kitty orders Red to kick Laurie's lazy butt, yet privately he actually states to have confidence in her wedding a better provider then Kelso, but she announces a new professional 'passion': hair-dresser. Leo makes Hyde give him a ride in his own car, without telling he carries a bag of weed, just when a cop steps them for a broken tail-light, and attracts his attention to the bag, which however...
265.	That '70s Show (1998 TV Series)
Episode: Eric's Buddy (1998)
Eric starts to hang out with his rich chem lab partner, Buddy, because of his really cool car. They become best friends, to the chagrin of Kelso and Hyde (who hates Buddy because everyone else likes him). But when Eric tells of his relationship problems with Donna, it prompts homosexual Buddy to kiss him, and their friendship becomes too awkward to continue.
266.	That '70s Show (1998 TV Series)
Episode: Tornado Prom (2002)
It's the the day of the Snow King election ball. Jackie expected to compensate her lost wealth by excelling popularity, so she was friendly -to some- for two whole weeks. Michael is elected king, but when vice principal Cole announces a tornado red alert his admirable efforts to preside over emergency measures, the royal leadership is hardly taken as seriously as it deserves. Jackie is crushed to be mere runner up for queen, so Kelso's girl, not the other way around. Hyde came with some of 'his best', to build a party his style in coach's office, gets caught in the act, but when coach hears about his phobia -tornado- decides to try something: smoking weed! Fez and Rhonda decide also to get rid of their virginity, but... Meanwhile Bob and his floozy Joanne Stupac, who have no shelter, kill time in Red's basement, and his mood... The only ignorant one is Eric, who forgot to bring Donna, whom he promised a ride, and thus arrives at the radio station, where she was left alone, as saving hero, but too scared to drive back, so they spend time alone there and kiss again...
267.	That '70s Show (1998 TV Series)
Episode: Donna Dates a Kelso (2002)
When the school paper prints Eric's election as most eligible player of the Vikings team, he imagines being a love-machine like Kelso and tells Donna it's time they start dating other people, while only gullible dog Emily actually dates him. Fearing ridicule by association, Jackie sets up a date for reluctant Donna with Michael's elder ex-con brother Casey, just out of military service, a political mismatch but a hit at first sight, who reminds Eric 'Foreplay' he's still a measly nobody and lost Donna. Fez can think of nothing but fat Rhonda's promise to 'share something' with him, so he gets Leo's permission to use the Photohut and Kitty's advice 'for a friend' about 'doing it', but Rhonda feels because she loves him best... A silly invention made Bob filthy rich again, and Red crazy with jealousy when Bob decides to buy the Corvette money-tight vet Red dreams about, so ...
268.	That '70s Show (1998 TV Series)
Episode: Canadian Road Trip (2001)
Fez, Hyde and Eric plan a road trip to get beer in Canada and take self-invited Leo, who is against beer -unlike pot- but has memories there from the Vietnam years, but Kelso, who once set fire in the car to manure they were taking for a prank, may only join when he promises to pay. Red chose a video recorder as premium, but what to use it for and how cause him to get in another row with Kitty, who just wants to watch Roots while it's on TV. When Jackie is invited to do audition for an obscure, Wisconsin-based modeling agency, she dreams of world fame, but Donna soon sees trough the shabby one-woman fraud operation. Everything goes well in Canada, till Fez can't find his green-card and fails to pass the border undiscovered in the booth; Kelso has the best idea how to handle two amusing but unamused Mounties.
269.	That '70s Show (1998 TV Series)
Episode: Roller Disco (2000)
When the Rollerdisco comes to Kenosha, Jackie insists Hyde must be her partner, he won't, she scorns Kelso, that leaves Fez, actually the best choice. Donna makes Michael so jealous he tries to sabotage his friend but swallows his marble; they win anyway, she gets drunk and frisky, Fez resists temptation, then regrets it. Donna's consolation attempt is mistaken by Kelso for making out... Red is sued by Earl for irregular termination using many ass-words; the panel insists Eric tells them about working with his pa's temper at work; Earl is however hopelessly late...
270.	That '70s Show (1998 TV Series)
Episode: Going Mobile (2004)
Michael meets Brooke's mother Carolyn, instant antagonism, and she intends to take her home to Chicago while he's in police academy, he agrees for six months. Eric wakes up, Donna leaving him was just a nightmare, but Red warns him a trailer has no place no hide. Fez and Hyde are allowed to decide who may be best man: scissors, rock, paper, or ... Thinking about 'just wedding jibes' must be right for all future divorces really spooks Donna, yet it's Eric who doesn't show up for their wedding rehearsal, just phoning...
271.	That '70s Show (1998 TV Series)
Episode: Hyde's Christmas Rager (2000)
Hyde has moved in with Bud who tries his best to be a good father. He figures being his friend is the way to go about doing it. Kitty suspects something isn't right just as Eric gets utterly drunk and Red catches him mocking him. Eric gets sick which causes Kitty to go off the edge, making Red speak to Bud till he realizes being a friend is going to do more damage than good.
272.	That '70s Show (1998 TV Series)
Episode: Garage Sale (1999)
The Formans have a garage sale to earn some extra cash. Hyde doesn't have anything to sell, so he bakes "special brownies" to sell; Red, Kitty, Midge and Bob eat some of Hyde's brownies unsuspectingly. Fez kisses Jackie who tells Donna it's the best kiss she's ever had.
273.	That '70s Show (1998 TV Series)
Episode: The First Time (2000)
Donna is happy when her parents announce they'll renew their wedding vows, although the whole ceremony is to be in loud Packers team colors, then disappointed their text suggestions aren't even vows, but ends up believing Eric: their love is true, it's up to her to phrase it appropriately; afterward it inspires here to take the next step with Eric... While Red grudgingly accepts to be best man, Kitty is so disappointed Midge didn't ask her as one of the three bridesmaids - she never was one- that when Leo, whom Hyde subcontracted as photographer, hits the sack with bridesmaid Holly, Kitty grabs her chance, and the green-gold dress. After the fire Kelso gets bitched at by both his lovers, but ends up proving his romantic value to Jackie.
274.	That '70s Show (1998 TV Series)
Episode: On with the Show (2005)
Angie proves it's possibly to be worse at mastering the art of 'burns' then her lover Kelso at anything intellectual. After another ass-aimed lecture from Red about wasting an entire year, Eric hits on great with fellow comics- and SciFi-erudite unemployed coach potato Stew Bailey, but is turned off seeing Stewie's ma is his best friend at age 36. Jackie has her TV 'news' show with Donna behind the camera, who get her freaky nervous just before it goes on air, so it all goes horribly wrong. After a pep-talk from fellow screw-up Eric she tries again, guest-starring 'slut expert' Michael, who also stars unexpectedly as the perfect good sport when Angie tries again.
275.	Angry Birds (2016)
On an island populated with birds an easily tempered flightless bird named Red lives happily with his best friends Chuck and Bomb until these pigs show up. Everyone loves these pigs but Red thinks something is going on and he figures out that the pigs are stealing their precious eggs. Red, Chuck, and Bomb along with a few fellow citizens must head to their layer and take down those piggies! Based on the electronic app made my Rovio.
276.	Legends of Tomorrow (2016 TV Series)
Episode: Pilot, Part 2 (2016)
Tipped off to Vandal Savage's whereabouts, the team infiltrates a munitions deal with Professor Stein as their leader. Surrounded by some of the toughest criminals in the world, things quickly go from bad to worse when Savage realizes they don't belong there. A massive fight ensues and a piece of the Atom's suit falls off and into the wrong hands, which could potentially cause disastrous consequences in the future. Stein realizes the best way to retrieve the missing piece is to contact a brilliant man - his younger self. He, Sara and Jax head off in search of young Martin Stein, much to Rip's consternation. Meanwhile, Snart and Rory plan to steal a key element in defeating Savage but still unsure of his new teammates, Ray demands to come along on the mission.
277.	South Park (1997 TV Series)
Episode: Weight Gain 4000 (1997)
Cartman wins an essay contest, and has an opportunity to be on television. Wanting to look his best, he goes on a diet that actually leads to him gaining weight. Meanwhile, Kathie Lee Gifford comes to town and Mr. Garrison plots revenge on her.
278.	South Park (1997 TV Series)
Episode: Death (1997)
Stan's Grampa wants to die because he's too old, but he needs Stan's help to do it. Meanwhile, the town's parents have become outraged by Terrance and Philip, the new TV show consisting of nothing but fart jokes that all the kids are crazy about. When the parents go to protest the network and leave the kids to fend for themselves, Grampa takes this opportunity to convince Stan to help him end it all. But is it really what's best for either of them?
279.	South Park (1997 TV Series)
Episode: Best Friends Forever (2005)
Cartman and Kenny's friendship becomes strained when Kenny buys the last of the Sony PSPs in stock. As soon as Kenny plays its game, Heaven vs. Hell, and reaches level 60, he gets killed, and his spirit is chosen as Heaven's Keanu Reeves, the one who can command heaven's armies against the armies of Satan. However, Kenny is brought back to life in Hell's Pass Hospital, but in a "persistent vegetative state", and kept alive by a feeding tube, leaving heaven in danger. Meanwhile, Kenny's lawyer reads a will he has left, which says that Kenny has left his entire possessions to his friends and the PSP to Cartman out of sympathy, but the last page of the will is missing just when he gets to the part of Kenny's being in a vegetative state. At that time the boys are informed that Kenny's alive; however, this becomes a burden to Cartman, who wants him dead so that he can get the PSP, so he goes to the Supreme Court and testifies that he was Kenny's BFF (Best Friend Forever), and Cartman has one half of the BFF medallion while Kenny has the other. When the officers and Cartman find Kenny and the other medallion half in the hospital as proof, they get the feeding tube removed from Kenny. But Stan and Kyle rally the protesters to try to keep Kenny alive against the efforts of Cartman and the protesters and Heaven's angels. Can Cartman's side and the BFF medallions win out by allowing Kenny to die, or will it be universal Armageddon?
280.	South Park (1997 TV Series)
Episode: The Jeffersons (2004)
A new family moves in to South Park, calling themselves The Jeffersons. It really is Michael Jackson with his son escaping from the earlier Hollywood lifestyle. Stan, Cartman, Kenny and Kyle are invited over to play, but everyone but Cartman soon becomes suspicious of Mr. Jefferson's childlike behavior. At this point, Mr. Jefferson has become Cartman's best friend. The cops are soon involved, but withdraw their attention when they see that Mr. Jefferson is white and therefore there is no need to frame him.
281.	South Park (1997 TV Series)
Episode: The List (2007)
The girls in the fourth grade have a list that votes every boy from cutest to ugliest. The boys decide to steal the list to find out who was last. However, instead of Craig, who Cartman said had "f***ed up teeth", or even Cartman himself, Kyle is on the bottom, and Stan's best efforts to prevent him falling into depression fail dismally. Stan and his ex-girlfriend, Wendy, team up to find out why they voted Kyle last, but the votes don't add up. When they discover that the list was deliberately compromised, the duo have a limited time before Kyle burns down the school and gets himself thrown in juvenile hall, or even worse, killed. However, whilst they may be helping to restart their relationship, they may also be putting Wendy's friendship with Bebe- and themselves- in danger...
282.	The Sopranos (1999 TV Series)
Episode: Mr. Ruggerio's Neighborhood (2001)
With Big Pussy Bonpensiero no longer available to wear a wire, the FBI is desperate to get Tony on tape. They decide that bugging his house - specifically the basement where he would sometimes have conversations with Big Pussy. They obtain a warrant that will allow then to break into the house twice: once to determine where in the basement would be the best place to place the bug and then a second time to plant it. The whole exercise turns into a major operation when they assign teams to each of the occupants - Tony, Carmela, Meadow, Anthony Jr. and the cleaning lady Lilliana - to follow then and ensure they don't return unexpectedly. They decide to rebuild an old desk lamp but their first attempt to plant the bug goes wrong when most of the family members return to deal with a crisis. Meanwhile, Tony is hearing rumors about Patsy Parisi who is still grieving for his dead twin and may be out for revenge.
283.	The Sopranos (1999 TV Series)
Episode: No Show (2002)
Christopher is named Paulie's replacement but Patsy Parisi is none too pleased. Paulie isn't doing well in prison and his frustration against Tony is growing. He doesn't think Ralphie's latest joke about Johnny Sack's overweight wife is very funny. The crew starts to reap the benefits of the big construction project. Christopher makes a mistake however. Ralph Cifaretto and Janice are seeing each other. Tony and Carmela are frustrated with Meadow who has spent the summer lounging around despite her repeated promises to work. Meadow then announces that she's going to take a year off. Every time her parents try to talk to her about it, her excuse is that she's still traumatized by Jackie Jr.'s death. Carmela wants her to see a counselor Dr. Melfi recommended to Tony. The counselor doesn't help things much however. Chris tells Adriana he thinks her friend is a dyke. When the FBI has break off its undercover operation, they line up the next best person to feed them information.
284.	The Sopranos (1999 TV Series)
Episode: Moe n' Joe (2006)
Johnny Sack is in jail and the Feds seem to have a pretty strong case against him. His lawyer is trying to get the best deal possible but he's definitely going to get a long jail sentence and lose most of his assets. In the end, he agrees to 15 years and his his wife gets to keep the house and her pension account. He also has to admit in open court that he was a member of La Cosa Nostra, something that doesn't sit well with some of his fellow mobsters. Johnny turns to Tony to get cash from some of the investments the Feds don't know about. Tony takes his cut, as expected. Tony recounts to Dr. Melfi the difficulty he had growing up with his sister Janice. Despite all of that, he still arranges a great deal for her on a house. Vito is still living in New Hampshire with his friend Jim. He finally admits to Jim that he's not a writer but doesn't quite come clean about his past. He tries working at a regular job but that's not quite his style and in the end, he packs it in and returns to New Jersey.
285.	The Sopranos (1999 TV Series)
Episode: Irregular Around the Margins (2004)
With Christopher out of town for a few days Adriana and Tony spend some time together at the Crazy Horse. Tony develops feelings for her but he does his best to resist his urges. He feels quite guilty about it all, which sends him back to see Dr. Melfi after a long break. After the club's closing early one morning they set off together to find Adriana's coke dealer but have a car accident when Tony swerves to avoid an animal on the road. They're not seriously injured but it doesn't take long for rumors to surface, all to the effect that they were having sex in his car. When Christopher returns from an out of town business trip and hears what's happened, he goes berserk, forcing Tony to take a drastic and near-fatal step. It's Tony Blundetto who comes up with the evidence needed to convince Christopher that everything is above board. Carmela meanwhile is now sleeping with AJ's school guidance counselor.
286.	The Sopranos (1999 TV Series)
Episode: Whitecaps (2002)
Tony is surprised though not displeased when Johnny Sack suggests that eliminating Carmine may be the best way to resolve the differences between the two families. A plan of action is set in motion but is interrupted when Carmine suddenly becomes more flexible. Money is still tight with the Esplanade site shut down, but Tony decides to make an offer on a seaside property. Even Carmela smiles for the first time in ages when she sees the house. All hell breaks loose however when Tony's old girlfriend Irina calls Carmela to tell her he is now having sex with her cousin, the one-legged Svetlana. It's the last straw for Carmela who tells Tony their marriage is finished and she wants him out of the house. Tony is now faced with having to terminate the deal to buy the beach house and uses his own unconventional methods to convince the sellers to return his deposit. Meanwhile, Uncle Junior's trial comes to an end and his men have sought a little bit of extra insurance to get the verdict they want.
287.	The Sopranos (1999 TV Series)
Episode: The Ride (2006)
Paulie, who is in charge of organizing the local festival for St. Elzear, has an argument with the local priest over how much of cut the church will be taking. When Paulie refuses the father's demands, he is told that they will not be able to use the church's golden hat traditionally worn by the statue of St. Elzear during the festival. Later, the conspicuous absence of the hat is noted by many, and when a children's ride collapses because of shoddy maintenance fingers are pointed at Paulie for putting the kids in danger for his own profit. In addition to this, Paulie learns that he may have cancer. Chris, meanwhile, learns that his girlfriend is pregnant, and immediately proposes to her. His bachelor party, however, gets out of hand as Chris once more begins shooting heroin. At the same time, Adriana's mother throws around accusations that Chris murdered her daughter. Tony does his best to convince Carmela of Chris' innocence, but Adriana is still nowhere to be found.
288.	Gossip Girl (2007 TV Series)
Gossip Girl follows the lives of privileged teenagers on the upper east side. Serena Van Der Woodsen is a blonde and beautiful socialite, Everyone knows Serena. Blair Waldorf is Serena's best friend but it's always about Serena not Blair. Nate Archibald is Blair's boyfriend but ever since Serena came back from boarding school Nate has been acting strange? Chuck Bass a rich and arrogant person. Daniel Humphrey a loney boy from Brooklyn, NY who nobody knows. Follow the lives of this guilty pleasure show.
Take a dip in the life of luxury - Gossip Girl leads you through the over priced, upper class lives of New York's finest. Blair Waldorf is a self described schemer, who's future is mapped out. Serena Van Der Woodsen is her social, beautiful best friend. Throughout the show the two engage in conflicts and reconciliations as their rivalry comes to a head. Nate Archibald is the dashing descendent of the Vanderbilts and is the group's most eligible bachelor. Chuck Bass is the manipulative son of a powerful father. Their romantic entanglements consume the majority of the show. Throughout all the seasons, a variety of antagonists is rotated in and out. The viewer will begin the show scoffing at the flashy, ridiculous premise and will end up obsessed and held in suspense.
Welcome to New York's Upper East side where the wealthy and connected mingle at benefits and try to deal with their always dramatic love lives, not to mention picking colleges. Blair Waldorf is the so-called toast of adolescence in her world; she and her friends, Kati Farkas and Isabel Coates, go to a prep school and fancy parties with their rich parents. Blair is envied by her adversaries because she is thought to have the perfect life, not just because of her gorgeous boyfriend, Nate Archibald, but because she's also planning on getting into her dream college, Yale. With everyone worried about college(or procrastinating on worrying, which everyone seems to be doing), and junior year dragging along, her seemingly perfect life is interrupted by her ex-best friend, the beautiful Serena van der Woodsen, coming back into town after getting kicked out of boarding school. Serena comes back into her life, and into the eyes of Blair's boy friend. When everything Blair knows starts to fall apart, everyone will realize that her life is far from perfect. Will life in the the Upper East Side redeem itself of what it's really supposed to be? Or will the false facade reveal that the rich have the same problems as the not so rich (Jenny and Dan Humphrey), if not more. And just maybe Jenny and Dan are all the more happy with their simple, not so expectant lives.
The beautiful Blair Waldorf is the toast of the adolescent population of Manhattan's Upper East Side, envied by her friends and the adversary of many fellow rich girls. Her ideal world begins to collapse, however, when her ex-best friend, freshly excluded from her previous boarding school, enrolls at Blair's private school.
289.	Gossip Girl (2007 TV Series)
Episode: Juliet Doesn't Live Here Anymore (2010)
Chuck and Blair decide it's in both their best interests to put the past behind them and end their vindictive games. Nate confronts Juliet after discovering a secret she has been keeping from everyone. Dan and Nate realize they both still have feelings for Serena.
290.	Gossip Girl (2007 TV Series)
Episode: Salon of the Dead (2012)
To celebrate their official coming out as a couple, Blair and Dan host a glamorous British-themed Salon, including guests Julian Tepper and Jenna Gribbon (founders of The Oracle Club). Lola lands the audition of a lifetime, but Gossip Girl may have other plans for the Upper East Side's latest It Girl. Meanwhile, Lily and Rufus disagree over the best way to handle the Ivy situation, and Serena and Diana face-off over secrets they both would prefer remain secrets.
291.	Gossip Girl (2007 TV Series)
Episode: Dan de Fleurette (2009)
On the first day of school at Constance Billard, Jenny is forced to make her rightful place as the new Queen Bee of the Mean Girls. Unfortunately for Jenny, Blair is more than happy to intervene when news reaches her that Jenny may need her help. Meanwhile, Lily finally returns home to Rufus and her family to find that things are definitely not as she left them, especially after learning that Serena has decided against going to Brown University. Elsewhere, a famous teenage movie actress, Olivia Burke, enrolls at NYU and is assigned as Vanessa's new roommate in which Olivia hopes for a somewhat normal college experience. Also, Olivia's best friend Ursula, another actress co-starring in Olivia's latest movie, befriends Serena.
292.	Gossip Girl (2007 TV Series)
Episode: Pilot (2007)
At a privileged prep school for teens on Manhattan's Upper East Side, the students first learn that Serena van der Woodsen is back in town the way they learn all the important news in their lives: from the Internet blog of the all-knowing, albeit, ultra-secretive 'Gossip Girl'. No one knows Gossip Girl's identity, but everyone in this exclusive and complicated vicious circle relies on her website and text messages for the latest scoop. Even Serena's closest friend, Blair Waldorf, is surprised to find that Serena has suddenly ended her self-imposed exile from a boarding school in New England and returned to Manhattan for school. Once the Upper East Side's most notorious party girl, Serena's reasons for returning are mysterious, although they may have something to do with her younger brother Eric, who's secretly in the hospital following a suicide attempt which is kept under wraps by their overprotective mother Lily. Whatever the reasons, the change in Serena is obvious, especially to Blair, whose friendship with Serena has always been competitive and difficult. Into this crowd comes Dan Humphrey, a kid from Brooklyn and whose freshman sister, Jenny, tries a little too hard to fit into Blair's circle of gossip friends, whom include 'Gossip Girl's contacts, Isabel and Kati. Blair's nice-guy boyfriend, Nate Archibald, is also troubled by Serena's return for his best friend, Chuck Bass, the school's snobbish cynic and resident bad boy, knows about a fling that Serena and Nate had which is why Serena left town to avoid a scandal which, in the snobbish world of high society, is social suicide. Elsewhere, Dan and Jenny's father, Rufus, a former rock musician and art gallery operator, also has a return of feelings for Serena and Eric's mother, Lily.
293.	Gossip Girl (2007 TV Series)
Episode: The Handmaiden's Tale (2007)
Dan's childhood pal Vanessa returns to town and tells him she wants to be more than friends; Blair does her best to keep party crashers out of the masquerade ball, but a disguised Dan and Jenny sneak in; Lily hopes to provoke jealousy in Bart by asking Rufus to be her date at an event.
294.	Gossip Girl (2007 TV Series)
Episode: The Hurt Locket (2010)
Nate and Serena decide to explore the boundaries of their friendship. Blair suspects that Chuck is having problems forgetting about the woman he saw at his father's grave. Jenny agrees to accompany Damien to a State Dinner, but she realizes that his plan is ruined by a memory of the school. Dan tries to overcome the confession of love for Vanessa, without any result. Rufus returns from a ski trip and tries his best to avoid Lily.
295.	Gossip Girl (2007 TV Series)
Episode: Roman Holiday (2007)
Blair's estranged father, Harold, comes home for the Christmas holidays with an unexpected guest: his gay lover Roman. Both Blair and her mother, Eleanor, find it difficult to hide their disappointment while Blair hatches another underhanded plan to get rid of Roman for good. Meanwhile, Jenny and Vanessa help Serena plan the best Christmas surprise ever for Dan, who may have a surprise of his own in mind for Serena. Chuck phones Blair from Europe and informs her that Nate has joined him in Monaco, worrying Blair that Chuck may disclose the details of their hook-up. Also, Rufus refuses to remain the understanding husband any longer after Alison's former lover calls the house.
296.	Gossip Girl (2007 TV Series)
Episode: Inglourious Bassterds (2010)
Chuck and Blair are faced with the most difficult decision they have ever faced as a couple. Serena plans a surprise birthday party for Nate, but Jenny does her best to sabotage Serenas's efforts. Dan and Vanessa's new relationship hits a bump in the road.
297.	Gossip Girl (2007 TV Series)
Episode: Seder Anything (2009)
Serena returns from her week-long trip to Spain with Poppy and Gabriel. But Serena becomes worried that during the hard partying in the country, she thinks she may have gotten married to Gabriel by accident. Meanwhile, Blair makes a secret deal with Nate's grandfather, William, to influence Nate to attend Yale when he decides to defy his grandfather and attend Columbia University in New York City instead. Later, Nate learns some disturbing information about his father's arrest while he is asked to be the best man at his cousin Trip's upcoming wedding. Chuck continues his debauched lifestyle of one-night stands while Jenny decides to make a stand for herself against the loathsome guy. Elsewhere, Dan takes a job as a waiter to earn money for college. H is distressed to find out that the job is a Passover Seder at the Waldorf penthouse that Cyrus holds, and on top of that... several of his friends and family are guests, including his father Rufus.
298.	American Gothic (2016 TV Series)
Episode: The Veteran in a New Field (2016)
Jennifer Windham's murder, which was videotaped by the perpetrator, leads to the police now believing that person Mitchell's SBK accomplice, especially as there are certain aspects of Windham's murder which match the SBK M.O. and that were never made public, meaning that this is not a copycat murder. As such, Garrett is released, his first priority which is to find pregnant and now in hiding Christina. Alison's theory of who the accomplice is she hopes to use to her political advantage, although she does feel guilty for her role in Windham being murdered. Tessa also has her own theories based on increasing bold face lies and half truths, but she also wants to know why Garrett could not tell her that he had never killed anyone. However, Brady isn't quite ready to absolve Garrett of all blame for SBK despite he being in jail the time of Windham's murder. Meanwhile, Cam has completed his rehab. Madeline wants him to pursue sole custody of Jack. His decision on the matter may rest on a specific incident as Sophie helps Jack with his Boston History presentation. Cam also knows he wants to date Nurse April despite she perhaps having a clearer picture of what is best for his recovery regardless of their mutual attraction.
299.	It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia (2005 TV Series)
Episode: The Gang Tries Desperately to Win an Award (2013)
Once again, Paddy's is passed up by the Philadelphia Free Press' annual "Best Bar In Philadelphia" competition. So to win the award, the gang goes to the bar that did win the award in an attempt to stake out the competition. Meanwhile, Frank attempts to woo the press to Paddy's to show them that they're better than the competition.
300.	It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia (2005 TV Series)
Episode: The Gang Dines Out (2012)
When Mac and Dennis go for their monthly dine at a fancy restaurant known as 'Guigino's', Charlie, Frank, and Dee all seem to be going there too. While they all notice each other, they all try their best to disrupt the other's company by causing a feud, which not only disrupts them, but the whole restaurant.
301.	It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia (2005 TV Series)
Episode: Mac's Banging the Waitress (2008)
When Charlie learns that The Waitress has a boyfriend, he enlists the help of Mac to find out who the guy is so he can destroy their relationship. Meanwhile Dennis is left reeling from Charlies admission that Mac is in fact his best friend and not Dennis.
302.	The Good Wife (2009 TV Series)
Episode: A Material World (2014)
After attending Will's funeral, Diane and Alicia talk about finding a way to merge their two firms. Unfortunately, they're overheard by Damian Boyle who promptly tells David Lee what is going on. Kalinda soon hears that they are out to oust Diane as the firm's managing partner and gets information that helps Diane. Not to be outdone, Lee turns to an old adversary. When Alicia hears that State's Attorney Jimmy Castro has promised heads will roll after the courtroom shooting, she becomes concerned that ASA Finn Polmar might become a target. Finn assures her that he and Castro are old friends - he was best man at Castro's wedding - and there's nothing to worry about. Meanwhile, David Lee faces off against Alicia and Cary in a nasty divorce case.
303.	The Good Wife (2009 TV Series)
Episode: Whack-a-Mole (2013)
Will goes out on a limb and unilaterally hires a new partner with a dubious past. Meanwhile the firm scrambles to recover clients lost to fledgling offshoot Florrick Agos while their new associate descends to school yard pranks. Alicia and Carrie do their best to defend a client against Internet defamation. Jackie asserts her authority as the Governor's mom and Alicia has a new admirer.
304.	The Good Wife (2009 TV Series)
Episode: Gloves Come Off (2012)
Alicia and Julius Cain represent a former professional hockey player, Grant Duverney, who is suing the maker of his snowmobile after the steering locked causing an accident that led to his wife's death. When it appears they are about to lose the case, the defendants lawyer raises issues related to injuries Duverney may have suffered as a hockey player and which may have contributed to the accident. Alicia then suggests they also sue the hockey league which brings her up against her old nemesis, Louis Canning, who has a surprise for her: a job offer, one that Alicia may not be able to refuse if she wants to buy her old house. Meanwhile, Diane Lockhart finds herself with two men in her life and Will Gardner is doing his best to keep his nose out of the firm's business while he is under suspension.
305.	The Good Wife (2009 TV Series)
Episode: Double Jeopardy (2010)
Having successfully defended a client on a charge of murdering his wife, Alicia and Will find themselves in a military court when he is re-arrested and charged with the same crime. As he is serving in the military, it seems that double jeopardy - which prevents anyone from being tried for the same crime twice - does not apply. The defense lawyers make the best of it but it all seems stacked against them - the rules of procedure and evidence are different and the Judge seems biased against the civilian lawyers. Kalinda gets some important information and Alicia ends up calling Cary Agos to the stand. At the office, news travels quickly when everyone learns that the firms new partner has Lou Dobbs on his client list. Diane isn't that comfortable with his politics however. Peter Florricks campaign for State's Attorney takes a nasty turn.
306.	The Good Wife (2009 TV Series)
Episode: We, the Juries (2014)
Will and Diane defend Darla Riggs while Alicia and Cary defend Henry Lampe both of whom were arrested on arrival in the U.S. with 2 kilos of cocaine in their carry on bag. Both defense teams thinks that separate trials would be in their client's best interest but the judge decides on a novel solution: hold one trial with separate juries. Meanwhile, the media has got hold of the video footage showing Jim Moody from Peter's campaign delivering stuffed ballot boxes on election night. Alicia is livid when she hears about it, particularly as it could affect their son Zach. She tells Peter in no uncertain terms to resolve the situation.
307.	The Good Wife (2009 TV Series)
Episode: A Defense of Marriage (2012)
Diane and Alicia represent Dale Lamborn who is in Federal Court accused of embezzlement and filing fraudulent tax returns. A key piece of prosecution evidence is a taped conversation between Lamborn and his same-sex spouse. Diane and Alicia argue that it should be excluded as it is a confidential communication with a spouse. The prosecution, lawyer Bucky Stabler, argues that the Defense of Marriage Act does not recognize same sex spouses. Into the fray comes high-profile lawyer Jeremy Breslow, a strong advocate of same sex marriage. It's not clear to Diane and Alicia that he has Lamborn's best interest at heart. Meanwhile, Alicia's mother shows up once again widowed - he was her third husband - but in need of legal advice as she has been disinherited. Thanksgiving dinner proves to be just a bit too stressful.
308.	Mad Men (2007 TV Series)
Episode: Time & Life (2015)
While working on an account with Stan that involves children, Peggy muses about how terrible a mother she would be. Trudy is facing a difficult time getting Tammy into the pre-school she wants - a school at which a Campbell has attended for as long as Pete can remember - and as such, Pete decides to help Trudy smooth the waters with the school's administration to get Tammy a placement there. These and other personal issues take a back seat when a crisis occurs at Sterling Cooper from what looked to be a simple but devastating clerical oversight. That oversight was in fact not and was a calculated move. The Sterling Cooper partners want the crisis placed under wraps from the staff until they decide how best to handle it. Through the worries of the partners, Don believes he has stumbled onto a solution, which may take some maneuvering to achieve. One of those more difficult manoeuvrings entails getting Ken on side, he who still has hard feelings about being let go by Roger. As they deal with the issues, all the partners reflect on how this crisis will affect their own personal lives, especially their current relationships. As Peggy gets wind of what's going on, she too reflects on where she is in her life, and how giving her son away has affected her psyche.
309.	Mad Men (2007 TV Series)
Episode: Shoot (2007)
While Don and Betty are out at a Broadway play, they run into Jim Hobart, the head of rival advertising agency McCann Erickson, and his wife Adele. McCann is one of the bigger players on Madison Avenue, especially compared to Sterling Cooper. Jim courts both Don and Betty for different reasons. He wants Betty to audition for some modeling work for a Coke print campaign. He wants Don to come over to McCann, he trying to convince Don that Sterling Cooper's small size limits his opportunities. Betty is a little more eager than Don for the opportunity presented, and the overtures toward Betty are a little more public than toward Don. For Betty, the thought of modeling again - how she earned a living when she met Don - are exciting. She is, however, unaware that her getting the work is dependent upon Don's answer to Hobart, Don who is aware of the situation. Don vows to Betty that he will not ruin the opportunity for her, which is true to a degree. Regardless, Betty uses her new found sense of independence in a surprising way. Peggy becomes the center of attention by Joan and the junior male executives in a negative way. However unclear that that is the reason, one person ends up being her defender. And the executives are discussing how best to help the Nixon campaign in light of the moves by the Kennedy campaign, and a speech by qv##nm0448080##. Pete, with Harry's help, believes he has a solution, but that solution, which the two act upon without telling anyone, could end up backfiring on them.
310.	Mad Men (2007 TV Series)
Episode: Red in the Face (2007)
At the end of a Thursday working day, Roger is looking for a little fun as Joan is heading off for an early weekend with her roommate Carol. So Roger is able to convince Don to go out for drinks, which further leads to Don inviting him home for dinner with his family. Roger's presence makes it a difficult evening for Betty in more ways than one. Don's reaction to the evening is based partly on news he gets from Betty's psychiatrist, Dr. Wayne. Dr. Wayne's assessment is supported by an incident Betty later has with Helen at the supermarket. Pete returns a duplicate wedding present to the department store. Unable get anything else besides store credit, even using what he considers his easy-going charm, he decides to buy a toy for himself. Besides Pete, only one other person seems caught up in at least the fantasy of the toy. The executives talk about the upcoming election, who the probable candidates will be and how they can best convince the Nixon campaign to use them as their ad agency. And an extended lunch, an ulcer and a broken elevator lead to Roger making an auspicious entrance into a business meeting.
311.	Mad Men (2007 TV Series)
Episode: My Old Kentucky Home (2009)
It's the weekend, but not many are feeling like it will be a relaxing time. Peggy, Paul and Smitty are forced to work to come up with creatives for the Bacardi Rum account. Beyond making their work atmosphere be like a vacation to match the creatives, Paul calls in his old Princeton colleague, Jeffrey Graves, for some chemical inspiration much to the consternation of Olive, Peggy's new officious secretary. Supposedly having a better time are the Drapers, the Campbells, the Cranes, Bertram and Ken, who are attending a garden party hosted by the Sterlings. Don and Betty in particular don't want to be there, they feeling like it is work more than a social outing. Jane, wanting to fit into her new social circle, causes a bit of problem by the end of the evening. And Joan and Greg are hosting a small dinner party of their own for Greg's medical colleagues and their wives. Joan does whatever she has to to seem the perfect hostess and to show Greg to his best advantage. Meanwhile back at the Draper house, Gene, Betty's father, has moved in. Sally is the unknowing culprit causing a bit of a stir for her grandfather and by extension everyone else in the house.
312.	Mad Men (2007 TV Series)
Episode: A Night to Remember (2008)
After an advertiser refuses to pay when their ads are badly placed during a television episode, Harry Crane feels the pressure to do more but he's refused any additional staff. He needs someone to read the scripts and get the best placements for their clients. Joan offers to help out and not only enjoys the work but proves to be quite good at it. Father Gill is concerned at Peggy Olson's lack of participation in church activities so he asks her to help him out on a project. Don's ideas for the Heineken beer account do go down well at home when Betty, whose behavior borders on the bizarre, learns that he has been touting her as their market target.
313.	Mad Men (2007 TV Series)
Episode: Meditations in an Emergency (2008)
The Cuban Missile Crisis is preoccupying the minds of Americans. Nuclear war is a very real possibility and as such, many are thinking about where and with whom they would want to die. Trudy wants to be with her parents, whereas Pete wants to stay in Manhattan. Father John uses the crisis as a basis for one of his sermons and also ties in with it a private conversation with Peggy about her life. Betty learns that she's pregnant and because of the state of the world and her family, she's not sure she wants to keep the baby. Coinciding with this news is Don's return back to New York, he who wants to resume his life as it was, both personally and professionally. Don's return does not alter Betty's feelings, but a night alone on the town while Don has the children gives Betty the opportunity to figure out what she wants and needs to do. At Sterling Cooper, Don is surprised by the news of the merger, whereas the accounts and creatives executives are wondering about what's going on, most thinking that Don is opening a west coast branch office. For a price, Lois, who has been working at the switchboard since being fired as Don's secretary, uses her position to broker what she thinks is a deal for herself in the new Sterling Cooper. And Duck brings Pete into his confidence about being the new President of the company and wanting Pete to fill his old position. Pete uses this information to what he thinks his best advantage. Duck is anticipating that the new management structure will either bring Don in line under his thinking or will send Don packing into another line of work altogether. The restructuring meeting does not go according to Duck's plans. And Peggy and Pete have a heart to heart about their professional and personal lives.
314.	Mad Men (2007 TV Series)
Episode: The Better Half (2013)
Peggy still feels caught in the middle of what is going on between Don and Ted. Behind closed doors, she sides with Ted, while she can be totally honest with Don. The situation at home - especially in an apartment in an neighborhood she both hates, that hatred which is strengthened by an incident involving Abe - makes her think more about her previous kiss with Ted. Pete is feeling dissatisfied with his prospects at the merged company, and thus looks for possible other opportunities. Roger is focused on the children in his life. While he tries to be grandfather to Margaret's son, Ellery, he would rather be father to his biological son, Kevin, with Joan. Joan has other thoughts on the matter and how best to move on with her less than happy life. Without their respective spouses for at least the first day, Don and Betty attend Bobby's camp, he who is happy to see his parents together again. As they are alone together without outside pressures of what they need to do to keep up pretenses of their own personal situations in relation to each other, Don and Betty fall into old habits if only for their alone time. And Megan is having problems at work in developing her new "twin" character, which she thinks will get her fired. She gets some support that she doesn't want, while longs for the support that seems to have long abandoned her.
315.	Mad Men (2007 TV Series)
Episode: Christmas Comes But Once a Year (2010)
The Christmas season is in full swing, but that only compounds the problems for Sterling Cooper Draper Pryce. Feeling the company still financially insolvent, Lane will only allow a meager office Christmas party, with no spouses or partners. Roger makes a unilateral decision to change that directive from Lane to keep their one major client, Lee Garner Jr. of Lucky Strike, happy. Roger wants the company to appear cheerful and busy to those in the outside world that matter. The company's fortune may change for the better when ex-Sterling Cooper fired employee Freddy Rumsen, now clean and sober for sixteen months, walks through their doors, he who brings with him a lucrative contract with Pond's cold cream. One of his two major stipulations is that he comes with the contract. Peggy, who has been Freddy's biggest supporter in the past, may regret what she wished for as she and Freddy butt heads over the concept for Pond's. Also to assist in improving the company's fortunes, Bertram enlists the help of an old friend, the head of marketing research company, to provide their services, which doesn't sit well with Don for personal reasons. Don in general isn't feeling much in the Christmas mood, he who has been drinking more than usual over the thought of not spending Christmas with his kids. He looks for female companionship wherever he can find it, which may end up not being in his best interest or that of the women involved. Sally, too, is feeling sad not only over not seeing her father more, but by still living in the family home with his memory. Her old friend, Glen Bishop, takes unilateral action to help her out with this problem. And Peggy, in a developing relationship with Mark Kerney, isn't totally forthright with him about her past concerning their future. Peggy's actions are in light of both her short and long term wants, the short being primarily not to be alone on New Year's Eve.
316.	Mad Men (2007 TV Series)
Episode: The Strategy (2014)
Work continues on the Burger Chef account and Peggy makes her presentation to Pete Campbell who has come to New York. He's satisfied, as is Lou Avery, and even Don tells her she did a good job. He wonders however if that's the best they can do which sends Peggy into a black mood of self doubt. Don helps her work through it. Megan is in New York to pick up some of her things and it doesn't appear that she and Don will ever grow closer. Pete Campbell visits his little girl - who barely recognizes him - and take Trudy to task. Pete's girlfriend has had enough of him as well. Bob Benson is also in town with a couple of men from General Motors. He learns that SCP is losing the Chevrolet but that will likely land on his feet. He also has a question for Joan.
317.	Mad Men (2007 TV Series)
Episode: For Immediate Release (2013)
Don and Roger have a dinner with Herb from Jaguar and spouses are to come. When he hears that Megan's mother is in town Don insists that she come along as well. Roger never shows up however and Don has had with Herb who wants his own flunky to write copy for him through SCDP. The business relationship ends brusquely. Unbeknownst to Don - and others - Bert, Pete and Joan have been doing the necessary groundwork to take SCDP public. When they learn they've lost Jaguar it all begins to crumble and Joan has choice words for Don and his selfish attitude. Peggy has moved into a new apartment and while Abe does his best to cheer her up, she isn't too happy. Pete is stunned when he sees his father-in-law at a bordello. Roger missed the dinner with Herb because he was working on a new client - General Motors - and SCDP is now invited to make a pitch on their new car. By the time Don gets to Detroit Ted Cheough, also there to make a pitch for GM's business, explains to him they don't have a chance of winning. Don has an idea however, one that will result in a great deal of change for everyone concerned.
318.	Mad Men (2007 TV Series)
Episode: The Arrangements (2009)
Peggy Olson decides the time has come for her to move to Manhattan despite her mother's objections. She puts an ad on the bulletin board at work but gets ridiculed as a result and Joan makes a few suggestions to help her find the right kind of roommate. The agency is going ahead with Pepsi's request for a commercial that mimics the opening of the movie qv##tt0056891## but when the director drops out at the last minute, Sal gets to direct. The agency also has to deal with Horace Cook Jr., a very rich young man and the son of Bert Cooper's close, personal friend who is apparently prepared to spend a cool million dollars on promoting a Jai Alai league that he is convinced will rival baseball in a few years. Don Draper is less than comfortable taking his money and does his best to warn him off the venture. At home, Don still has to put up with his father-in-law Gene, who isn't very cooperative. When Gene fails to come home from the supermarket and pick up the kids at school, Betty gets some sad news.
319.	Mad Men (2007 TV Series)
Episode: The Rejected (2010)
Peggy and Freddy continue to disagree on the best approach for marketing their new client, Ponds. They decide to hold a focus group with some of the secretaries in the office but Don's New Year's eve fling with his secretary Allison causes a stir. Pete Campbell is told that the agency will have to drop the Clearasil account as it creates a conflict with Ponds. Pete had lobbied his father-in-law to get that business and is reluctant to deliver the bad news but gets big news of his own in return. Peggy Olson is invited to a party with a slightly different bent and meets some interesting people. She's also affected by Pete Campbell's big news.
320.	Mad Men (2007 TV Series)
Episode: Shut the Door. Have a Seat (2009)
It's the beginning of the end for Sterling Cooper when Connie Hilton tells Don that the ad agency, along with their London-based parent company, have been sold to McCann Erickson effective January 1. That's only two weeks away and Don goes into action. He has no interest in working for a huge agency like McCann Erickson and approaches Bert Cooper with a proposal: they and Roger Sterling should buy back the Agency. He first has to patch up his relationship with Roger but they are soon on a mission to recruit a team from their best employees and make sure they get their hands on as much paperwork on the clients they will take with them as they can. None of them have a clue about what the paperwork even means but Roger knows just the perfect person to sort it all out for them. They have an unexpected ally after Lane Pryce gives London a call. Don's home life deteriorates after Betty tells him that she wants a divorce and will be going to Reno to get one.
321.	Mad Men (2007 TV Series)
Episode: Tea Leaves (2012)
Betty has gained some weight, which she can't shed for whatever reason, which in turn is making her depressed. Or is her depression the cause of emotional eating which is reason for her weight gain? Going to see a doctor for a prescription for diet pills, the doctor instead finds a growth on her thyroid, which may be cancerous and which may be the cause of her weight gain. With Henry not around when she receives the news, she turns to Don for emotional support. This news affects the Draper household. As Betty begins to think about her mortality, she also begins to understand that this tumor is a no win situation for her. Meanwhile, at SCDP, Pete is able to secure the Mohawk Airlines account once again, which is a small coup for the company. Pete begrudgingly assigns the account to Roger, since the Mohawk executives know Roger, and both sides will treat the account like their best drinking buddy. But they need to hire a dedicated copywriter for the account, someone creative but who also fits into that old boys network. Peggy is assigned to find that person. The end product of her search, Michael Ginsberg, brings her and Roger to a common point in their careers. The Heinz executives come up with the idea to rework qv##nm1213869##' song "Time Is on My Side" for a commercial to target the youth market. Despite Don thinking it a bad idea, he indulges the client, with him and Harry the footmen in trying to set up a meeting with the band at one of their concerts. Trying to meet the band also makes Don and Harry quite aware that they aren't as young as they used to be. And SCPD's mock "equal opportunity" ad results in Don getting a new secretary, a black woman named Dawn.
322.	Mad Men (2007 TV Series)
Episode: A Day's Work (2014)
It's Valentine's Day, but there is not much love in the air. Don is still not feeling the love from the other partners, his job situation of which he has not told anyone outside of the office, that including his family. Dawn at least has agreed to keep him in the loop of what is going on in the office as best as she can. Sally, who is in town unexpectedly for the day, drops in on him, which leads to a further rift between father and daughter. Peggy forgets that it's Valentine's Day until she sees a bouquet of roses sitting in her outer office which she assumes are from Ted. Peggy spends most of the day trying to figure out what to do with the roses and how to deal with Ted from afar. Pete is feeling neglected, by Ted but more by the New York partners, most specifically Roger and Jim. A coast to coast conference call also exposes a problem between Roger and Jim. These issues in combination lead to a problem for Joan in orchestrating a session of musical chairs, the problem which is exacerbated by input from Bertram. However, Joan may, through it all, maneuver her own much appreciated change of office scenery.
323.	Mad Men (2007 TV Series)
Episode: Christmas Waltz (2012)
Harry Crane has been doing his best to avoid his former co-worker Paul Kinsey but finally gives in only to find that Paul has joined the Hare Krishnas. Despite his faith, Paul is keen to write and wants Harry to try and push a script he's written for Star Trek. Harry agrees but a visit from one of Paul's Krishna friends, Lakshmi, makes sure he knows what they expect. Harry remains a true friend. Pete Campbell proudly announces that Jaguar has been in touch with him and that the firm has been invited to make a pitch for their business. He can't seem to generate any enthusiasm among the partners however. Lane Pryce finds out he owes $8000 in taxes in the UK and is at his wits end trying to figure out what to do. He decides to get funds from the firm, without telling anyone. After Joan receives divorce papers at the office, Don takes her out for a drink. He gets home quite drunk and to a very frosty reception from Megan.
324.	Castle (2009 TV Series)
Episode: Knockdown (2011)
Becket agrees to meet retired detective John Raglan, who messed up the murder case of her ma, lawyer Joanne, 12 years ago, but wants to clear his chest now he has terminal lymphoma, without cops- just Castle. He's sniper-killed before he can elaborate on the part hit-man Conan and a 7 years older 'context'. Raglan's best mate points them to drug lord Vulcan Simmons, but Becket's emotional aggression ruins that trace and gets her thrown off the case. Castle thinks of investigation 'just Joanna's case' and manages to identify the 'context', which proves drenched in police corruption.
325.	Castle (2009 TV Series)
Episode: Law & Boarder (2014)
Skateboard pro Logan Moore was killed while visiting New York for a major tournament. Only main rival Manny Castro seems to benefit, but the team also find links to Enver Kotta's Albanian mob, earlier and recent crimes and Brett Zaretsky's prestigious law firm. Meanwhile Ryan and Esposito rival to become Castle's best man, but don't even know how that's to be decided.
326.	Castle (2009 TV Series)
Episode: Fidelis Ad Mortem (2016)
The killing of a police rookie with an NYPD academy service gun is tied to the present class's female top student, so Becket, the best ever, goes undercover. The trail points to the Irish mob and a mole, who tie in trough love. Meanwhile Castle decides after long hesitation to read the message to himself he warned against and next to tell Becket it points to her nemesis.
327.	Castle (2009 TV Series)
Episode: Heartbreak Hotel (2011)
Atlantic City (New Jersey) hotel-casino co-owner Sam Seigel's corpse is found in an abandoned New York warehouse. Captain Victoria Gates keeps Becket in the office to test her skills 'without Castle's help'. The boys appreciate female absence as Ryan owes them a bachelor's party, but Javier's logical place as best man was already taken by the bride's teenage brother. Marino's partner Charlie Turner and his security expert Daniel Sullivan cooperative until the team gets close, linking the murder to the mob and employee Nadine Espinoza's disappearance. Turner throws the trio out, without recourse as it's outside NYPD jurisdiction, but Castles sneaks back in as Elvis impersonators.
328.	Castle (2009 TV Series)
Episode: The Squab and the Quail (2013)
As soon as it becomes clear that self-made billionaire Eric Vaughn, even more slick then Castle, was the murder target, not the society dinner companion who was accidentally served his poisoned dish, Vaughn gets the commissioner to assign him the best close protection: Becket. While she dodges flirtation and bullets at their 'safe' hotel suite, jealous Castle is determined to crack the case to get his girlfriend romantically-safe home. The means used by the killer inspire Castle's daring, perhaps too convenient suspicion.
329.	Castle (2009 TV Series)
Episode: Anatomy of a Murder (2010)
When wealthy Jew Mank's casket is dropped during his funeral, a second body drops out: the body turns out to be the attending resident, Valerie Monroe. She was one of the many platonic 'best friends' of popular nurse Greg McClintock, who has an alibi. She also was paid $40,000 a month as private physician and companion of retired drug lord Cesar Calderon, whose younger brother Manuel left his care to her five nights a week. Justice official Leonard Maloney regularly met her, as undercover concerning hospital supply fraud. Several leads join at a women's prison, involving several, even new, crimes.
330.	Brooklyn Nine-Nine (2013 TV Series)
Captain Ray Holt (Andre Braugher) takes over Brooklyn's 99th precinct, which includes Detective Jake Peralta (Andy Samberg), a talented but carefree detective who's used to doing whatever he wants. The other employees of the 99th precinct include Detective Amy Santiago (Melissa Fumero), Jake's over achieving and competitive partner; Detective Rosa Diaz (Stephanie Beatriz), a tough and kept to herself coworker; Detective Charles Boyle (Joe Lo Truglio), Jake's best friend who also has crush on Rosa; Detective Sergeant Terry Jeffords (Terry Crews), was recently taken off the field after the birth of his twin girls; and Gina Linetti (Chelsea Peretti), the precinct's sarcastic administrator.
331.	Brooklyn Nine-Nine (2013 TV Series)
Episode: Pilot (2013)
Detective Jake Peralta (Andy Samberg) is a talented, but carefree police detective at Brooklyn's ninety-ninth precinct who, along with his eclectic group of colleagues, are used to having a lax captain around the office. However, when tightly-wound Captain Ray Holt (Andre Braugher) takes over, he is determined to make this dysfunctional group of detectives into the best precinct in Brooklyn.
332.	Brooklyn Nine-Nine (2013 TV Series)
Episode: Unsolvable (2014)
When Jake gets the weekend off, he decides to take on a cold case that everyone thinks is unsolvable, but with the help of Terry, the two try to crack the case once and for all. Meanwhile, Amy plans a romantic trip with Teddy (guest star Kyle Bornheimer) and Gina and Rosa let Charles in on one of their best-kept secrets.
333.	Brooklyn Nine-Nine (2013 TV Series)
Episode: New Captain (2015)
After Holt is transferred to the NYPD Department of Public Relations, the new captain's arrival causes the precinct to dissolve into chaos, despite Terry's best efforts to keep everyone on point. Meanwhile, Jake and Amy face the aftermath of their "for reals" kiss.
334.	Brooklyn Nine-Nine (2013 TV Series)
Episode: The 9-8 (2016)
The Nine-Nine host the detectives from the Nine-Eight, their neighboring precinct, reuniting Jake with his old partner. Charles is immediately jealous and tries to reclaim his best friend status with Jake. Meanwhile, the rest of the precinct tries to be welcoming to the Nine-Eight, but it doesn't go as well as they had planned.
335.	Brooklyn Nine-Nine (2013 TV Series)
Episode: Fancy Brudgom (2014)
Charles asks Jake to be the best man at his wedding, a role that requires Jake to be supportive in important wedding decisions, ranging from cake tasting to floral arrangements. Meanwhile, Terry, Amy and Gina support each other as they start a new extreme diet and Holt helps Rosa make a sincere apology.
336.	You're the Worst (2014 TV Series)
Episode: Born Dead (2015)
Gretchen makes an attempt to reconnect with her old group of friends by throwing herself a housewarming party. Jimmy does his best to affirm his belief that friends are for babies. Edgar continues his pursuit of Lindsay, and Lindsay meets her estranged husband's new girlfriend.
337.	Family Guy (1999 TV Series)
The Griffin household includes two teenagers, a cynical dog who is smarter than everyone else, and an evil baby who makes numerous attempts to eradicate his mother. Heading up this eclectic household is Peter Griffin. Peter does his best to do what's right for the family, but along the way, he makes mistakes that are the stuff of legends.
338.	Family Guy (1999 TV Series)
Episode: Peter's Got Woods (2005)
Brian falls for an African-American teacher at Chris' high school, and tries to impress her by pushing to have the school renamed from James Woods High to Martin Luther King, Jr. High. Peter, not wanting to see the name changed, brings James Woods himself to speak at the school board meeting. Things go further than expected, however, when Woods takes Brian's place in the household as Peter's best friend and the family pet.
339.	Family Guy (1999 TV Series)
Episode: Brothers & Sisters (2011)
When Mayor West marries Lois' sister, Carol, they move into the Griffin's house to be one big "happy" family. To make room for everyone, Stewie is bumped out of his room and takes over Chris' room, but not everyone is annoyed by the change. Peter and Mayor West bond and become best friends.
340.	Family Guy (1999 TV Series)
Episode: Brian in Love (2000)
When Lois discovers that someone has been urinating on the carpet, suspicion first turns to Stewie. When the real culprit is revealed to be Brian, however, he starts seeing a psychiatrist to talk through his emotional problems. The doctor comes to the conclusion that Brian may be having stress over unrequited feelings of love for Lois. Brian accepts that these feelings are real, but how can he express his affection for the wife of his best friend?
341.	Family Guy (1999 TV Series)
Episode: Livin' on a Prayer (2012)
When Stewie's new best friend falls ill, Lois takes him to the hospital where she finds out he has a critical, but treatable, disease. However, the boy's parents refuse treatment due to their religious beliefs, leaving Lois no choice but to take drastic measures to seek treatment for the boy herself. Meanwhile, Peter has a religious experience of his own.
342.	Family Guy (1999 TV Series)
Episode: The Cleveland-Loretta Quagmire (2005)
While looking around town for someone to rescue, Peter bursts into Cleveland's house, only to catch Loretta having sex with another man. After investigating through the neighborhood, they discover that Quagmire has betrayed his best friend by sleeping with his wife. Loretta leaves Cleveland, and Peter and Lois are left trying to help their friend learn how to be more assertive with others.
343.	Family Guy (1999 TV Series)
Episode: Love Thy Trophy (2000)
When Peter and his neighbors win a trophy for building the best float at a local parade, they fight over who gets to keep it until it's stolen; Meg gets a job as a waitress and pretends Stewie is her son for sympathy tips.
344.	The Outsiders (1983)
The tension between two groups: The Greasers and The Socials "Socs" puts Ponyboy Curtis and his best friend Johnny Cade in a bad spot. One night at the movies, Ponyboy and Johnny fall in love with Sherri "Cherry" Valance and Marcia - once they get Dally Winston, the toughest and meanest of the Greasers to stop attempting to "score" with the girls. Cherry and Marcia are from the snobbish, popular, and rich group, the Socs.
345.	Archer (2009 TV Series)
Episode: El Secuestro (2011)
Pam and Cheryl are gabbing on their way to ISIS and they are, once again, late for work. A van approaches the pair and men proceed to kidnap one of them. Life is so damned unfair: Cheryl did not even take time off last week when her parents were killed in a car accident... this could make her really late! When the non-kidnapped drone reaches ISIS, she receives a very lukewarm welcome until railroads and Tunts arise. Then, it becomes all about kidnappers, voice modulation software ...and how much one's colleagues value a co-worker. Perhaps perennial cheapskate, Malory, is not the best person to ask. Lana is horrified; later, she is literally wet with jealousy and the fearless ISIS crew operates with its usual efficiency to save its team member. How much of a "piece" of Malory will an angry ex-kidnap victim demand? Can Malory afford to lose it? How many times will Brett get shot before the ISIS liability insurer cancels them for good?
346.	Archer (2009 TV Series)
Episode: Sea Tunt: Part 2 (2013)
Archer, Lana, Ray and Cyril pose as a news crew to visit the Sealab, find out about the nerve gas missiles and meet maniacal Captain Murphy. They leave Pam, Cheryl, Mallory, Cecil and nasty Tiffy on the ship, which unlike the huge helicopter, is disturbingly alcohol free. Archer smuggles a firearm to the Sealab inside the camera. Is a sea laboratory, made mostly of glass with compressed air and sitting at the very bottom of the ocean figuratively / literally the best place to play with guns? Count on Archer to figure out an answer.
347.	Archer (2009 TV Series)
Episode: The Rock (2010)
The Uffizi disaster moved ISIS off the security consultant work for foreign powers and governments, so when ISIS gets a job in San Marino, Malory sends her two best agents. The pair test palace security for the wealthy microstate (or principality, depending on one's view). When mudak, Len Trexler, steals the San Marino contract for ODIN, Malory commits three phrasing errors in a row. Commence "Operation Rub Len Trexler's Big Fat Nose In It!" Days of Oktoberfest with gallons of schuetzie, Jagermeister, beer and absinthe cannot disguise a tiny champagne-colored thingamabob or labor issues at ISIS. Ill-equipped and stranded, Archer and Lana strike forth to make the diamond hot, but it is all bread and roses, entitlement crap and collective bargaining at ISIS. With a finite quantity of gin and Archer's fate in the hands of the drones, will Malory finally crumble to Labor? It may be all muffins and denial, but can you really put a price on good...personnel?
348.	Archer (2009 TV Series)
Episode: Crossing Over (2012)
After a wild night involving Archer hitting on the widow of a deceased Isis agent and some heavy drinking, Archer wakes up in his apartment to discover that he's had the best sex of his life. Unfortunately, who he discovers that it was with jeopardizes his ability to perform on the job.
349.	The Last Kingdom (2015 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.7 (2015)
Uhtred and Leofric must face off against each other in a death match-a consequence of their actions in Cornwall. But there are ominous signs of a greater battle to come - The Danes launch an invasion on Wessex, pouring through the streets and killing all in their path. Running for their lives in an escape to find safety, a bond is finally struck between Uhtred and King Alfred; the two men recognize they must now stand and fight together if Wessex is to be reclaimed. Moreover, Uhtred realizes that his best chance of regaining Bebbanburg rests on Alfred's return to the throne.
350.	The Last Kingdom (2015 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.6 (2015)
Uhtred and Leofric lead a raiding party to Cornwall, on a mission for wealth and independence. The party becomes mercenaries for a Cornish King and Uhtred attracts the attention of a beautiful sorceress queen named Iseult. Iseult's charms and the promise of silver make Uhtred feel like he finally has the chance of a new start. However, when he returns to Wessex he is faced with the wrath of King Alfred and a judgment that leaves both his life and the life of his best friend Leofric hanging in the balance.
351.	The Dressmaker (2015)
Based on Rosalie Ham's best selling novel, The Dressmaker is the story of femme fatale Tilly Dunnage who returns to her small home town in the country to right the wrongs of the past. A stylish drama with comic undertones about love, revenge and haute couture.
352.	Inception (2010)
Dom Cobb is a skilled thief, the absolute best in the dangerous art of extraction, stealing valuable secrets from deep within the subconscious during the dream state, when the mind is at its most vulnerable. Cobb's rare ability has made him a coveted player in this treacherous new world of corporate espionage, but it has also made him an international fugitive and cost him everything he has ever loved. Now Cobb is being offered a chance at redemption. One last job could give him his life back but only if he can accomplish the impossible - inception. Instead of the perfect heist, Cobb and his team of specialists have to pull off the reverse: their task is not to steal an idea but to plant one. If they succeed, it could be the perfect crime. But no amount of careful planning or expertise can prepare the team for the dangerous enemy that seems to predict their every move. An enemy that only Cobb could have seen coming.
Mr Cobb a unique Con Artist can enter anyones Dream and extract the most valuable ideas and secrets of people with the help of Inception (a Dream Sharing Technology) when the state of mind is at its vulnerable best. Cobbs ability has made him the face of Corporate Spy hence a wanted man too. Seeing his abilities he is approached by Saito to carry out an almost impossible mission not to steal but to plant the idea into the mind of the legal heir of a Billion Dollar Enterprenauer. Mr Cobb with some specialists must do the impossible in order to get back his life in a completely different "world of Dreams" facing his own Demons.
353.	Julieta (2016)
Julieta (Emma Suarez) is a middle-aged woman living in Madrid with her boyfriend Lorenzo. Both are going to move to Portugal when she casually runs into Bea, former best friend of her daughter Antia, who reveals that this one is living in Switzerland married and with three children. With the heart broken after 12 years of total absence of her daughter, Julieta cancels the journey to Portugal and she moves to her former building, in the hope that Antia someday communicates with her sending a letter. Alone with her thoughts, Julieta starts to write her memories to confront the pain of the events happened when she was a teenager (Adriana Ugarte) and met Xoan, a Galician fisherman. Falling in love with him, Julieta divides her time between the family, the job and the education of Antia until a fatal accident changes their lives. Slowly decaying in a depression, Julieta is helped by Antia and Bea, but one day Antia goes missing suddenly after a vacation with no clues about where to find her, leaving Julieta desperate to understand the reasons of her missing...
354.	One Tree Hill (2003 TV Series)
The lives of brothers Nathan and Lucas Scott as they travel through high school and college. The two brothers face among their friends the ups and downs of relationships and friendships. The pain of lose and love. The joy in family and friends. Lucas and Nathan do not start on the best of terms but through many hard times and struggles find the best in each other. Marriage, divorce, break-ups, birth, and death play a huge role.
355.	One Tree Hill (2003 TV Series)
Episode: Luck Be a Lady (2010)
Nathan is furious when his first mission as Clay's junior agent seems to go wrong because of his lack of jargon knowledge, but he actually lands the football client. Julian accepts Alex's suggestion to assemble all potential best men for a friendly poker night, but the mood is murderous. Chase gets abused by everyone. It's Brooke's turn to be bullied by Julian's bossy ma who pushes for a traditional wedding at a brides fair, where Haley - blaming pregnancy hormones - sides with the enemy every time.
As the wedding approaches, Brooke tries to connect with Sylvia, while Julian looks for his best man at a guys' poker night. Meanwhile, Nathan struggles in his new job, while Haley's counseling abilities are challenged, and Skills returns to town with a new friend.
356.	One Tree Hill (2003 TV Series)
Episode: I Forgot to Remember to Forget (2008)
Three years earlier, the future still smiled at the Scott brothers. Lucas' writing career is still waiting to happen, but coach Whitey steps back to let his best-ever assistant coach take over the Cobras. Nathan is still their shining star, healthy and happy with Jamie and Haley, who puts her own career on hold. Whitey warns that his temper at every cheating innuendo can lead to a wasted life, like Dan. Lucas visits Peyton in L.A. and proposes, but she refuses to leave her dead-end job or return to One Tree Hill. Brooke is there building the family fashion-plus empire, yet greedily enjoys everyone's generosity when the ring makes them appear as a newly engaged couple. Junior editor Lindsey becomes a supportive friend, and in time much more.
357.	One Tree Hill (2003 TV Series)
Episode: Holding Out for a Hero (2011)
After standing up for a fellow student ridiculed by Professor Kellerman, Nathan joins a study group of guys but his real secret weapon ends up being Clay. Chase feels he's lacking social relevance in his position as bar manager, so he volunteers nobly for the Big Brother program. Coincidentally, he ends up with Jamie's best friend, Chuck as a little bro. Chuck pushes Chase's patience to epic levels until he starts to decipher what motivates Chuck to be so harsh. Julian is directing a local TV commercial, where the 'star' gives notice, but thus finds an opportunity for Mouth. Haley is almost as bored in the crisis center as Brooke and Quinn are at home. They all join forces to try & 'rescue' a bullying victim as costumed superheroes.
358.	One Tree Hill (2003 TV Series)
Episode: Hold My Hand as I'm Lowered (2009)
Nathan and Haley have to decide what to do about Renee's pregnancy claims as Clay thinks paying her off is the best way as it is Nathan's contract year. Mouth is asked by his station manager to investigate any titillating scandal about Nathan but decides not to tell his boss about the alleged pregnancy. Mouth and Skills come to an agreement about living together and Alex tests the patience of Millicent during a photo-shoot. Later she gives Julian a film script. Meanwhile, Quinn's husband David comes to find her when she won't answer his calls.
359.	One Tree Hill (2003 TV Series)
Episode: Brave New World (2006)
Haley is back in Nathan's bed; she's scared when Dan turns up and tells her he still expects their annulment. Brooke is back in Lucas' bed, but freaks out when the Internet-orders are over tenfold her dressmaking capacity; she puts everyone, even babysat children, to work, but only Rachel proves productive- and only on her own order. Peyton asks Lucas to drive her to her mother Elisabeth, but not to join them there; her amazing LP collection shows they have music to bond, and she asks her in vain to move in back with Larry and her while helping Haley with her record; meanwhile Lucas visits Faith who lives nearby; back home Peyton gets a surprise visit. Deb tells Nathan she's not coming back to One Tree Hill and confesses life with Dan turned her into the deliberate arsonist 'to free both of us'; he is disgusted, tells her Dan still wants what's best for him in his wicked way, she counters he even turned away the best school-team's scout and threatened her into silence. Rachel approaches Mouth.
360.	One Tree Hill (2003 TV Series)
Episode: Pictures of You (2007)
As class assignment for a teacher who explains they now are what their classmates think, in stereotypical terms, but that will change in the real world after graduation, the kids must draw a name to spend the rest of the class with, and return each with a picture representative of that partner for use in the yearbook, after some tasks to get to know each-other better, such as telling something personal and a secret or doing an impression. Lucas tells loner Glenda Farrell his new dream, now basketball is over, is to become a novel author; she confides her terrible relation with her mother. Brooke tells Chase Adams the truth about her calculus, and is forgiven. Skills tells Haley he's desperate not to end up in the factory like his father, she retorts motherhood is great but she still wants to make her mark, at least as a teacher. Shelley confides she only started Clean Teens after being dumped hard to Mouth, who is tired of being the 'good kid' and starts kissing. Peyton warns Nathan even a perfect father must think of himself too, he admits for a second he felt loosing his ma Deb by her suicide might be for the best.
361.	One Tree Hill (2003 TV Series)
Episode: The Lonesome Road (2005)
Lucas and Peyton hide Jake and Jenny at Nathan's place while he chases Haley. Lucas finds Dans secret hiding place for cash and a secret ledger; when he and Andy come get it at night, all is gone. Annas former lover Darby turns up; she ends up coming clean to her parents, who still love her, but returns to boarding school. Nathan accepts an invitation to spend the night at the bar where Taylor lives this week; they drink heavy and participate in the bar dancing show. Niki claims Jennys isn't Jake's biologically. Brooke stays late at a party without permission, misses her shift in the cafe and learns to pay her debts and her dues chore-wise. Jake won't hear reason from his lawyer and chooses jail over handing over Jenny to irresponsible Niki, even if that's his best chance to get her back in a few months.
362.	One Tree Hill (2003 TV Series)
Episode: For Tonight You're Only Here to Know (2008)
Tree Hill prepares for its new generation of Ravens to kick off the season. Before the first game, the Scott brothers can only discuss the future, and whether Nathan should tell Haley about Carrie, who has quit 'to finish her studies' after kissing him. The girls get locked in by a faulty door in the high school library. Their best hope at escape is the pizza delivery boy- an old acquaintance, Tim, once Nathan's inseparable greatest fan. Mouth feels nostalgic enough to turn his first coverage from classical sports focus to 'the real story' about fathers and sons.
363.	One Tree Hill (2003 TV Series)
Episode: The Worst Day Since Yesterday (2005)
After Lucas surprised Chris with Brooke, even her self-confidence isn't enough to remain assured she hasn't really lost the possible love of her life. Chris informs Nathan whom he thought already knew and gets knocked for once more breaking up a relationship for someone he's not even truly in love with. Dan phones the radio station to point out on air his competitor Karen is unmarried and checks on Nathans condition for the new season, but gets the cold shoulder. Tim looks forward to the boys getting tattoos this year. Karen nor cake can cheer up Lucas, who doesn't even feel like basketball anymore; Nathans advice in the locker-room to concentrate on his playing and forgive Brooke for love's sake don't help either. Coach tells the team he'll retire after this season, and expects them, his best team ever, to prove so by results; Lucas stinks worst of all at the first game, which is an utter loss. Haley and Nathan are back on speaking terms. Mouth shows 'mayor' Karen his cell-phone recording of Dan roughing up Nathan and coach throwing him out after the match.
364.	One Tree Hill (2003 TV Series)
Episode: The Last Day of Our Acquaintance (2010)
In getting back at Julian for sleeping with Alex, Brooke messes with the costumes for the shoot and generally does her best to wound Julian but it takes comments from Alex to get her thrown off the set after she punches Alex in the face. Only later does she discover that it was Alexander that Alex slept with as she switched rooms with Julian. She tells Victoria who is furious and it later transpires that her mystery lover is Alexander. Meanwhile, Lydia takes ill from her cancer and is hospitalized and reaches out to the daughter Taylor but it is Quinn who manages to get her to come before she dies. Elsewhere, Clay tells Katie he won't be representing her but it doesn't put off Katie and she finds out that he was married to Sara so she transforms herself to look like her. Lauren and Mouth nearly get it together only for Skills to come back to Tree Hill.
365.	One Tree Hill (2003 TV Series)
Episode: Every Picture Tells a Story (2010)
Quinn's gallery opens with Clay very supportive unaware that he is being stalked by Sara lookalike Katie until she makes her presence known and Clay shows Quinn how alike Katie is to Sara. Josh's sex tape with Alex is emailed to Julian's father with a demand for $1,000,000 putting the film in jeopardy. Miranda finds out she is being deported thus putting a spanner in the works with Grubbs's recording but Grubbs finds a way around it by proposing to her. Lauren tells Skills that she has fallen for someone else but he is unaware it is his best friend Mouth until he sees a photo of them at the gallery where he promptly punches Mouth. Meanwhile, Victoria's affair with Alexander is exposed in more than one way. Elsewhere, Nathan and Jamie spend a guys evening together & later he asks Haley if she'd be ready to try for another baby. She tells him she took a pregnancy test and it was negative but is she telling him the whole story?
366.	One Tree Hill (2003 TV Series)
Episode: Somewhere a Clock Is Ticking (2005)
Brooke is high: she's about to be installed as school president and her dad should get another well-paid job. Nathan, still drinking, is livid after a call from Haley she'll be on TV, refuses to go to Keiths wedding, gets no sympathy from coach -who even rats out his fake ID in the liquor store- and drives Deb to abuse pain killers, as Lucas soon finds out. Andy thinks Karen can get Lucas back now his detective found Dan pays all expenses for some Emily Chambers. Chris makes it appear on national TV as if he and Haley are a couple. Best man Lucas takes Brooke, Jake and Peyton are late as they are too horny, Nathan turns up drunk and cursing outside the church. When Andy learns Jules is Emily, Karen asks and guesses what Dan pays her for- Jules runs off, only Dan triumphs. While Nathan burns his memories of Haley, Deb tells him to go get her back. Brookes dad got the job- but must move to California next week...
367.	One Tree Hill (2003 TV Series)
Episode: A Hand to Take Hold of the Scene (2009)
Sore from professional basketball, Nathan enjoys his first weekend home. Double date Chase enjoys Nathan's generous help with Mia. Haley happily dumped sonny-boy and his mate in mischief on Lucas and Peyton. They need parenting practice, but find even the best boys are too exhausting to just enjoy all day. Julian enjoys 'not quite a date' with Brooke. Now Brooke has identified Jack's brother and got him arrested as murderer, fostering veteran Sam tries to reassure or at least console Jack.
368.	One Tree Hill (2003 TV Series)
Episode: The Other Half of Me (2011)
The biggest day of Brooke Davis' life has arrived, her wedding day. Julian gets his parents to agree to a truce on their special day, but will they uphold their end? Brooke makes up with her mom, and when her dad fails to turn up, her mom walks her down the aisle. Nathan's advice of sincerity helps inspire Julian's 'best man' Jamie to make a brilliantly simple speech. Chase disagrees with Skills' absurd security-obsessed job description for them as ushers. He ends up making hotter use of the limousine.
369.	One Tree Hill (2003 TV Series)
Episode: The Living Years (2004)
After Deb drags Dan and Nathan to a family therapist, where they only fight and each expect Nathan to take their side, Nathan looses faith in everything except Haley. Brooke begins to feel jealous about Lucas, but insecure as they have almost no common interests; Lucas and Peyton both reassure her. Lucas finds Peyton's dad home for once; he tells her another, even better paid job will drag him for months to New Zealand... Nathan talks to Keith and coach, who both tell him to do what's best for him, even if that means dropping basketball; he cuts practice and classes, even takes Haley with him playing hooky, to Dan's disgust in more then one way...
370.	One Tree Hill (2003 TV Series)
Episode: Resolve (2007)
Clean Teens president Shelley Simon is ironically the one who presents man-eater Brooke to the virgin club's cute new male member, Chase Adams; he doesn't respond to her usual moves, but asks her as Maths tutor, in exchange for dinner. An intercepted note in class gets Lucas and Peyton's love made public, and both of them detention. Nathan is desperate for a job, but enough for Skills proposal to try together the $10,000 amateur night at the strip club? Deb scolds Karen for keeping Dan's company, but she even invites him to dinner; he tells Deb she was second choice, Karen the love of his life. When Nathan hears how unhappy pregnant Haley feels the prom is in four weeks but she'll still be on crutches and none of her party clothes still fit, he changes his mind about a strip act- Mouth is to teach them choreography, but Peyton must supply a suitably easy song for a naturally bad dancer like the gorgeous star athlete. At an emergency club meeting Shelley exposes Rachel on video as sort of a party stripper; she walks, Brooke stays for Chase's company. Principal Turner tells all tutors about the stolen exam papers, and guarantees expulsion. At the cemetery Lucas gets the feeling Keith wasn't killed by Jimmy, tells Peyton and Karen but really just wants it all to end. Because Dan told her Nathan long gave up on her, Deb barges in at their son's place; seeing her knock over Haley, he throws her out telling her to forget all about him and stay away. Chase tells Brooke he chose virginity after finding out his only serious girl-fiend cheated on him with his best friend. As Skills gets cold feet at the last moment, 'Double Trouble' starts with Nathan and Mouth, but his girl-friend Bevin gets Skills to join in half-way; the girls have a ball, and Haley is in heaven at home when her dream-prince shows the proceeds got them a maternity prom dress. Chase's first tutoring session turns into a romantic first date, complete with kissing finale. Peyton's first home-baked cookies are burnt, the second batch salty as the sea, so the similar dough is used for a food-fight with Lucas. Deb ODs and phones Dan to take care of Nathan, he quickly has her committed by ambulance and goes on to dine with Karen.
371.	True Blood (2008 TV Series)
Episode: Strange Love (2008)
In a society where humans and vampires co-exist, set in the small town of Bon Temps, Louisiana, Sookie Stackhouse is a young woman who may have found a perfect boyfriend. Sookie is clairvoyant and constantly hears people's thoughts so it makes dating a bit difficult since she tries to keep her ability a secret. When 173-year-old vampire Bill Compton walks into the Merlotte's Bar & Grill where she works as a waitress, she realizes that she can't "hear" what he's thinking, thus giving away his origins since she can't hear the thoughts of those whom are technically dead. Vampires "came out of the coffin" two years ago when the Japanese invented Tru Blood, a synthetic blood substitute. Sookie rescues Bill when a couple of lowlife rednecks, the Rattrays, try to steal his blood to sell on the black market, but she may have a price to pay for interfering. Meanwhile, Sookie's older brother, Jason, is a smooth-talking hustler and lothario who works part-time with a construction crew, and who gets arrested after a local woman that he had a one-night stand with is found strangled. Tara Thornton is Sookie's ill-tempered best friend whom finds her bad-boy brother irresistible. Sam Merlotte is the owner of Merlotte's Bar, who keeps his romantic feelings for Sookie to himself. Lafayette Reynolds is Tara's flamboyant gay cousin and the short-order cook at Merlotte's as well as Jason's co-worker at his construction day job who has more to offer than his gourmet foods. Arlene Fowler is a middle-aged divorce and another of Sookie's friends and co-workers at Merlotte's looking for a new husband to help raise her two children. Andy Bellefleur is the local police detective working with the collaboration of the town sheriff, Bud Dearborn, whom thinks the town may have a killer in their midst as they investigate the strangulation case.
372.	True Blood (2008 TV Series)
Episode: Don't You Feel Me (2013)
Bill decides to seek out Lillith for advice on handling the escalating human-vampire crisis. Eric, Pam, Nora, Jason and Jessica get up-close-and-personal looks at the perverse perils of Vamp Camp. Sam comes to a decision he hopes will be in Emma's best interest. Andy gives his faerie daughter a name, or two or three or four. Arlene has a solution to Terry's malaise, and Eric makes a startling discovery.
373.	Wayward Pines (2015 TV Series)
When two federal agents go missing in Wayward Pines, Idaho, Secret Service Agent Ethan Burke - one of Seattle's best agents - sets out to find them. One of the missing agents is Ethan's former partner, Kate, with whom he had a relationship that almost destroyed his marriage. After Ethan is involved in a car accident upon his arrival in the seemingly perfect town, he wakes up in the hospital without his wallet, ID or money, and cannot find a working phone to contact anyone at home. When Ethan's wife learns of his disappearance, she and their teenage son begin a search that only leads to more questions
374.	Orphan Black (2013 TV Series)
Episode: Natural Selection (2013)
Ten months ago, Brit Sarah Manning dropped her infant daughter Kira off with "Mrs. S", then left Toronto without notice. Sarah, who has scammed her way through life, has just returned to Toronto, and stolen a large stash of coke from her old boyfriend Vic, that coke which she plans to sell for several thousand dollars, which is enough to support Kira for a little while. At a train station, Sarah sees someone who looks exactly like her take off her shoes, drop her purse on the ground, and commit suicide by walking in front of a moving train. By grabbing the dead woman's purse, Sarah learns that she is Beth Childs. By going to Beth's apartment, Sarah learns that Beth leads a pretty high end life, and has just recently opened a savings account with $75,000. Sarah decides to switch focus by assuming Beth's life in order to drain her bank account, which would allow her to escape to start a new life with Kira and her gay foster brother Felix, her best friend. Felix, acting the mourning brother, will identify the dead body as Sarah's. Sarah learns that this task may be more difficult than originally planned as she has to learn on the fly much about Beth's life, especially about her boyfriend Paul, and Beth's job which ends up surprising Sarah. Another problem is Felix convincing Vic that Sarah is dead, as Vic does not trust either him or Sarah, who he knows stole his drugs. But Sarah will learn more about Beth's life by what she finds in Beth's safety deposit box and what ends up in the back seat of Beth's car, these revelations which may make Sarah regret taking Beth's identity.
375.	Orphan Black (2013 TV Series)
Episode: Nature Under Constraint and Vexed (2014)
Rachel has kidnapped Kira and Mrs. S. While trying to elude Rachel's thugs herself, Sarah has to decide whether to trust Paul as the person who has the best access to Rachel of those she knows in order to get Kira back. All Paul does tell Sarah is that there is a black tie event at Dyad at which Rachel will be in attendance. Sarah decides that she needs to attend the event - Cosima who already is an invitee - but has no plan beyond knowing that she will need to get in there with concealed gun in hand. With this scant outline of a plan, Sarah enlists the help of Felix and the other clones, although Sarah does end up enlisting their help also without their knowledge. Meanwhile, Cosima has decided to trust Delphine, Cosima's grand plan which is to take control of her own "biology" in dealing with her illness, as opposed to providing Leakie with this information. Alison wants her life to return as close to suburban normal as possible, which includes immersing herself into her community theater production, a possibly difficult task as the spirit of Aynsley hangs over the production. And Art and Angela are no longer officially working on the case as there is no case to work on, but they cannot let go of what little information they have on hand, especially as Art knows that Sarah was about to tell him everything just before she was sprung from jail.
376.	Orphan Black (2013 TV Series)
Episode: The Scandal of Altruism (2016)
Seeing that it is the best overall solution yet not perfect by any means, Sarah and Cosima decide with Kendall's OK to set up an agreement with Susan Duncan, which they will not divulge to Mrs. S. until everything is arranged as they know she won't like what they've done. That agreement is an agent representing Susan will remove the bot from Sarah's cheek, with Cosima on site to ensure Sarah's safety. As Scott and Cosima have not yet come up with a "cure" for Cosima and the other affected Leda clones, they in turn will provide their research and Kendall to Susan, with Scott harvesting the necessary cell from Kendall so that Susan can continue the work on curing the affected Leda clones. The agreement does not include providing any of Kendall's DNA for the Castor project. When these two sides of the agreement are accomplished on neutral sites, Susan's agents will release Cosima, while Kendall will be whisked away to safety back at the safe house. While those involved hope to get what they want out of the agreement, they may be unaware that there is at least one other person in the know who may have a different view of the Leda project and Kendall's utility. Meanwhile, Krystal is in the police precinct to report what she believes is going on with the illegal use of stem cells in cosmetics production. Art is able to intervene so that Krystal feels like her issues are addressed, while anyone who may have known Beth will not be suspicious. Art feels he needs to call in support, the person to the rescue being the one who may most be able to placate Krystal.
377.	Orphan Black (2013 TV Series)
Episode: The Stigmata of Progress (2016)
Having seen what it did to the man on the video, a scared Sarah is determined to have the bot, which she learns from Cosima and Josh has some inorganic elements (i.e. that it is not a live organism), removed from her cheek. She figures that MK may have some answers, MK who is nowhere to be found, or that Dizzy may provide some clues as to the nature of the bot or how to get it removed safely. Sarah turns to among others: Felix, who is too preoccupied with what he believes is a significant step in locating his biological family; Mrs. S., who believes that Benjamin may be able to assist; and Art, who is still looking for answers in Beth's surveillance tapes. Learning what Sarah is going through from Cosima, Alison and Donnie believe they may be able to help in providing a Neolutionist who would also have the implanted bot, namely Aldous Leekie whose dead body is buried under the cement in their garage. Getting Aldous out may be more difficult than they want, especially as the police come by questioning people in the neighborhood about the Portuguese gang slaying. Elsewhere, Rachel is going through her physical therapy, which reunites her with someone who she believes has never looked out for her best interest. Rachel turns to the one person within her team who she believes she can trust.
378.	Orphan Black (2013 TV Series)
Episode: Endless Forms Most Beautiful (2013)
With the revelation about her special connection to Helena, Sarah wants to make sure Helena understands she is not the original. Sarah is soon arrested however as Art has finally figured out it was Beth who killed herself by jumping in front of the train. Dr. Leekie visits Alison and offers her a deal. He does the same with Cosima who has just arrived in town. Sarah meets another version of herself, Rachel Duncan, who offers to explain all if only she signs an agreement. The three orphans agree to do what is best for each of them individually. Alison just wants her life back and seizes an opportunity to take revenge on the person she thinks is her watcher. Cosima and Delphine mend fences but find something startling. Sarah returns home only to find something very wrong.
379.	Orphan Black (2013 TV Series)
Episode: Things Which Have Never Yet Been Done (2014)
Cosima's quickly deteriorating condition leads to several actions and decisions. Rachel decides to promote Delphine temporarily into Aldous' vacant position, figuring that Delphine, working on Cosima's behalf, may have more moral suasion with Sarah. Indeed, Delphine does come to Sarah and Mrs. S informing them of Cosima's plight and that Kira's stem cells via her bone marrow is Cosima's best chance of survival at this point, as Ethan's work is still months away from being the definitive answer. As Mrs. S has a contact who could do the work safely (i.e. not at Dyad), Sarah will have to decide if she will put Kira through what is still not a full-proof process to potentially save her sister. Donnie and Alison form a new bond as they try to figure out what to do with Aldous' dead body. Their decision and resulting actions hit a roadblock with a surprise visit from Vic, who purports to be doing some follow-up to their rehab. And Helena learns from Gracie the true nature of what Henrik is doing as he implants embryos into both women. Helena also learns who all the children running around the complex belong to. As such, Helena may have a change of heart about having children under this situation.
380.	Orphan Black (2013 TV Series)
Episode: Scarred by Many Past Frustrations (2015)
Mark and Rudy return to the military compound and Sarah finds herself in a cell next to Helena. While Sarah is happy to have found her sister, the feelings aren't reciprocated as Helena believes it was Sarah who gave her to the Castor group. Sarah does her best to convince her and together try to find a way out. Elsewhere, Gracie has been rejected by her mother and the religious group and turns to Art Bell for help. He seeks help from Felix and Siobhan and it's soon clear that Gracie wants to experience life. Cosima meanwhile tries to get her life together and goes on a date with Shay, not realizing she is under surveillance.
381.	Orphan Black (2013 TV Series)
Episode: The Antisocialism of Sex (2016)
Sarah, Alison and Cosima all feel some deep seated sense of responsibility for Kendall's murder. That event leads to a strain between Sarah and Mrs. S., who also believes Sarah is largely at fault. As such, Sarah reverts back to old habits and contemplates following the lead of another one of the sisters, while Mrs. S., with the help of Art, decides that some revenge is in order. Although feeling the severity of the situation, the Hendrixes decide to hold Gemma's birthday party as planned to retain some normalcy in their children's lives. But with things swirling around them in light of Kendall, the party takes an interesting turn. Cosima and Scott have to figure what their next steps are in light of all their research being wiped out and/or in the hands of the Neolutionists. With the one small but integral part of the Neolutionists work in their hands, Cosima makes a unilateral decision on how best to proceed at her own risk. In finding out what is happening with the sisters, Felix feels the need to come to their assistance, specifically with Cosima in telling her what little he has learned about Delphine's fate. Meanwhile, with Evie now leading the Neolution project, Sarah, Alison and Cosima in particular are seen as being threats to the success of the work, while Rachel tries to figure out where she fits into the picture still being under Susan and Ira's custody.
382.	Orphan Black (2013 TV Series)
Episode: Certain Agony of the Battlefield (2015)
Sarah is all alone at the Castor compound now that Helena has managed to escape, although Rudy is tasked with locating her, she who they believe cannot get far being in the middle of the desert. Sarah is also not feeling well, knowing that Coady and her team have done something to her. Sarah no longer trusts Paul, but behind the scenes he is trying to discover exactly what secret work Coady seems to be working on. Mrs. S and Felix are at different stages of worry about missing Sarah's whereabouts. Felix goes to someone who he believes can help, he doing whatever he needs to get the information about Sarah's whereabouts. Delphine returns on news that Sarah is missing, her return which does have an effect on Cosima's burgeoning relationship with Shay. Delphine, Cosima and Scott try to discover what is affecting Gracie. And Alison and Donnie are basking in the success of their new drug business, which Donnie may take a bit too far. Along with Jason who probably knows more about the workings of a drug business than them, they as a collective have to figure out how best to move forward and grow the business.
383.	Heartland (2007 TV Series)
Episode: Lost Song (2011)
Jack resists taking a trip to France with Lisa while dealing with some old memories resurrected by remodeling Marion's room into a nursery. Caleb asks Ty to be his best man but has difficulty asking him to move out as Ashley wants. Amy agrees to be a bridesmaid at Ashley and Caleb's wedding.
384.	Heartland (2007 TV Series)
Episode: Family Business (2011)
Jack resists taking a trip to France with Janice while dealing with some old memories resurrected by remodeling Marion's room into a nursery. Caleb asks Ty to be his best man but has difficulty asking him to move out as Ashley wants. Amy agrees to be a bridesmaid at Ashley and Caleb's wedding.
Text: Jack resists taking a trip to France with Lisa while dealing with some old memories resurrected by remodeling Marion's room into a nursery. Caleb asks Ty to be his best man but has difficulty asking him to move out as Ashley wants. Amy agrees to be a bridesmaid at Ashley and Caleb's wedding.
385.	Smallville (2001 TV Series)
In October 1989, a huge meteor shower destroyed most of the town of Smallville, Kansas. This event brought Jonathan and Martha Kent what they always wanted, a son they named Clark. In 2001, their son is becoming a man -he has two best friends, Pete Ross and Chloe Sullivan, and a crush on the hottest girl in school, Lana Lang, not to mention a budding friendship with future nemesis Lex Luthor. But his parents have been hiding a secret from him: they found him inside a spaceship when the meteor shower came. As he begins to develop his powers and discover more abilities that will soon transform him into Superman, Clark begins to take on his mantle as the Man of Steel.
386.	Smallville (2001 TV Series)
Episode: Calling (2003)
As Clark and Lana get more romantically close to each other, the comatose Dr. Fredrick Walden recovers and repeats the sentence "the day is coming, and he will rule the world" many times. He believes that Clark Kent is a menace to mankind. He escapes from the mental institution using a strong power he has achieved and tries to eliminate Clark. Meanwhile, Dr. Helen Bryce returns to Smallville for her engagement party with Lex Luthor, and finds her office broke in and the blood sample of Clark Kent stolen. But who took the blood sample and her office files? Lionel or Lex? Clark is asked by Lex to be the best best man, and Martha and Jonathan Kent to replace his missing parents, as Clark begins hearing voices coming from his spaceship. Also, the evil Lionel Luthor continues playing mind games by trying to poison the relationship of Helen and Lex, as well as Chloe and Clark by offering her an intern job in Metropolis in exchange for her to investigate Clark. But unfortunately, Lionel overhears the revelations of Dr. Walden to Lex about Clark being an alien.
387.	Smallville (2001 TV Series)
Episode: Lexmas (2005)
On Christmas Eve, Lex travels to a dangerous neighborhood in Granville, Kansas, dealing dirty means to cut Jonathan Kent of the race to the senate. He is shot twice in cold-blood when a couple of junkies steal his car, and Lex has a near-death vision of having a possible middle class lifestyle with a pregnant Lana as his wife and their son Alexander. In his near death experience, Lex is a simple man beloved by the people of Smallville and best friend of Jonathan and Clark. Meanwhile in the real world, he is submitted to a life-threatening surgery ordered by Lionel to avoid becoming crippled. Also, Chloe asks Clark to deliver many Christmas gifts to poor children, and Clark meets a sad and disappointed Santa Claus contemplating suicide. In the end, Lex concludes that love is cursed, based on the fate of Julian, Lillian and Lana, and power and money are the most important values in his life... which leads to him finally starting down the path of the dark side beginning when he secretly orders the execution of the junkie couple who attempted to kill him.
388.	Smallville (2001 TV Series)
Episode: Booster (2011)
After everything that happened with the VRA, Lois tells Clark it's best to make "Clark Kent" forgettable and awkward so people don't suspect he's The Blur. However, the two are stunned when a fame-hungry superhero from the future, Booster Gold, sweeps into town and begins making saves and posing for press ops, completely winning over the city of Metropolis. Booster begins his campaign to take The Blur's place as the "World's Greatest Superhero" and tries to charm Lois into writing a story about him, but she's not having his antics and begins her own campaign for The Blur. During one of Booster's saves, an alien weapon in the form of a scarab falls from a truck and fuses itself to a boy named Jaime Reyes, turning him into the Blue Beetle. Unfortunately, Jaime is unable to control the suit and Blue Beetle starts attacking Metropolis.
389.	Smallville (2001 TV Series)
Episode: Abandoned (2010)
Lois finds a video made for her by her mother, Ella Lane, before she died. After watching the tape, Lois makes a drastic decision about her relationship with Clark that takes her to the Fortress, where she comes face to face with Jor-El and Lara. Meanwhile, Tess has a nightmare involving herself as a child and a music box. Upon awakening, she finds the music box in Luthor mansion and sets out to find out who planted it there. Clark accompanies her to an orphanage run by Granny Goodness who may not have the young girls' best intentions in mind. One of the young women living there, Harriet, finds Clark snooping around and decides to take matters into her own very sharp hands.
390.	Smallville (2001 TV Series)
Episode: Ryan (2002)
Clark Kent receives a desperate call from the mind-reading teenage Ryan James (from the episode "Stray") who tells Clark that he is imprisoned in a research hospital as the subject of an experiment. Clark rescues him, but is accused of abduction of a child by Ryan's corrupt tutor, Dr. Garner. Clark learns that Ryan has a brain tumor and Clark uses his best efforts trying to save Ryan. Meanwhile, Lana is informed by Aunt Nell that she wants to move to Metropolis with Dean, but Lana wants to stay behind in Smallville. Also, the corrupt Smallville Mayor Tate asks for bribes from Lex to approve the expansion of the Luthor Corp plant.
391.	Smallville (2001 TV Series)
Episode: Heat (2002)
When the "hot" new Biology teacher Desiree Atkins (Krista Allen) arrives in Smallville, Clark Kent gets excited in her presence and his hormonal surge sets off a new ability: heat vision. Lex Luthor meets and falls for Atkins and they decide to get married. Meanwhile, Clark's heat vision causes another fire at The Talon when Clark is talking with Lana, leading Clark to get briefly jailed on suspicious of arson. Lex invites Clark to be his best man, but when Desiree tries to seduce Clark, he realizes that she is a meteor freak with the power to seduce men.
392.	Smallville (2001 TV Series)
Episode: Mortal (2005)
Jor-El strips Clark of his powers, making him human. Delighted to finally be "normal," Clark pursues a relationship with Lana sans secrets. However, after Lana, Jonathan and Martha are taken hostage by three escaped meteor-rock thugs, an electro-kinetic mutant named Lee and two twin freaks, whom have escaped from the Belle Reve Sanatorium for the criminally insane, and whom Clark helped capture months earlier, he must figure out how to save his family without his superpowers with the help of his best friend, Chloe. Meanwhile, Lex commits the still-catatonic Lionel to Belle Reve to undergo more tests, while he continues to lie to Lana about the existence of the two alien begins and of the mysterious spaceship which Lex now secretly has begun to study its origins.
393.	Smallville (2001 TV Series)
Episode: Devoted (2004)
The Smallville High cheerleaders create a love potion using Kryptonite that makes their football player boyfriends completely infatuated with them. This spells trouble for Clark when Chloe drinks the potion and completely devotes herself to him, and Jason also drinks it and then attempts to kill Clark over his feelings for Lana. Meanwhile, Lex is doing his best to win back Clark's friendship.
394.	Smallville (2001 TV Series)
Episode: Reunion (2006)
In 1996, in the sophisticated boarding school Excelsior Academy, the outcast teenager Duncan is betrayed by his best and only friend Lex Luthor that wants to get close to the bullies Oliver, Alden and Geoffrey, leading Duncan to a tragic accident. Ten years later, in a school reunion, Alden has a mysterious fatal accident and then Geoffrey has another mysterious death. Oliver suspects of Lex, but when Lana has a serious accident in the Luthor mansion, Oliver tells Clark the fate of Duncan and Clark seeks Lionel to get more clarifications about what happened with the teenager.
395.	Smallville (2001 TV Series)
Episode: Trespass (2007)
After receiving a photo of herself dressing in her room, Lana realizes she has a stalker. After hiding out in Chloe's apartment above The Talon, Lana decides to hide out at another surprising location: the Kent farm so Lana can try to find out more about Clark as she grows more suspicious of his abilities. Meanwhile, Jimmy helps Clark try to find Lana's stalker in which he eventually breaks up with Chloe because he believes she isn't truly over Clark, forcing Chloe to take a deep look at her feelings for her best friend.
396.	The Americans (2013 TV Series)
Episode: The Deal (2014)
Philip and Elizabeth are finally assigned a new handler as Philip works to clean up the mess of the last operation and Elizabeth, in disguise as Clark's sister Jennifer, does her best to smooth things over with Martha. As Stan searches for a missing scientist, Oleg and Arkady continue to argue over how best to handle the situation on their side, leaving Nina once again caught between the FBI and KGB.
397.	The Americans (2013 TV Series)
Episode: Duty and Honor (2013)
New York welcomes defected Polish freedom movement leader Andrzej Bielawski, who is to head a 'democratic government in exile'. The spies couple, despite their mutual frustration and disgust over abuse from their KGB superiors, does their best to discredit Bielawski, who also claims a clerical calling but enjoys the good Western life too much. Philip sets a trap with his old flame Irena, who surprisingly tells him to have a college age son, but never told him to be the father so he wouldn't break off his spy training. Beeman's guilty conscience about the poorly protected Soviet embassy mole doesn't carry much weight.
398.	Preacher (2016 TV Series)
Episode: Pilot (2016)
A preacher sets out on a mission to make the almighty himself confess his sin of abandoning the world. With his best friend Cassidy, an alcoholic Irish vampire, his love Tulip, a red blooded gun-toting Texan, and the power of genesis, an unholy child born from an angel and a demon, Jesse gives up everything to set the world straight with its creator.
399.	Community (2009 TV Series)
Episode: Applied Anthropology and Culinary Arts (2011)
When the Anthropology class assembles for their final exam, Shirley notices a twinge, which quickly escalates into full-blown labor. As Jeff and Britta argue about how best to help, Chang is anxious to claim this "early" labor as clear evidence that it's a "Chang Baby!" Meanwhile, Greendale is hosting a World Food Festival in the parking lot and a riot ensues - Dean Pelton is caught in the crossfire.
400.	Community (2009 TV Series)
Episode: Basic Rocket Science (2010)
Dean Pelton decides that Greendale Community College must have its own flight simulator and cannot be bested by the competition, "City College," which is planning its own flight simulator. He enlists the study group to clean and refurbish the Greendale Community College simulator. As Jeff, Pierce, Britta, Annie, Shirley and Troy wash the tattered simulator down, they end up accidentally launching it - sending everyone on an unexpected journey into "outer space." Abed is left behind to try and navigate a safe "return" for everyone.
401.	The Simpsons (1989 TV Series)
Episode: Jazzy & The Pussycats (2006)
Bart has a big outburst at a funeral for Homer's dead Vegas wife. He is therefore brought to a doctor who prescribes him a drum kit to focus his energy positively. Lisa brings him to a jazz club, but then ends Lisa's dream to become the best jazz musician. Bart joins a famous jazz duo and makes it a trio while Lisa starts caring for stray and outcast animals. But this plan turns bad when a tiger bites Bart and he is unable to drum. A benefit concert is held to raise the money for a surgery that could save his new hobby, but instead, he uses the money for a lost animal shelter in Lisa's name.
402.	The Simpsons (1989 TV Series)
Episode: Marge's Son Poisoning (2005)
Marge discovers her old tandem bike and she and Bart start a pleasant ritual of cycling to a rural tea-shop every weekend - until the shop closes. Bart is being teased as a mummy's boy by the school bullies and rebels against Marge though when he sees how unhappy this has made her he agrees to join her in a karaoke. Waiting to go on stage Marge has a vision of her and Bart turning out like the Skinners and decides that the real,rebellious Bart is best after all.
403.	The Simpsons (1989 TV Series)
Episode: What Animated Women Want (2013)
Once more Homer's selfishness has antagonized Marge and his attempts to make things up with her consistently fail - until he resorts to buying sex toys, one of which injures him. They fail to impress her but she is pleased that he made the effort. Meanwhile, having watched 'A Streetcar Named Desire' Milhouse decides that the best way to court Lisa is to treat her mean though the facade eventually crumbles.
404.	The Simpsons (1989 TV Series)
Episode: Specs and the City (2014)
Mr. Burns gives his employees Google-glass type eyeglasses to spy on them and Homer loves the enhanced reality of his new gadget - until Marge tries them on and he finds out she's seeing a marriage counselor. Meanwhile Bart takes a stand against buying Nelson a Valentine's Day card, despite buying one for every other kid in class, and Nelson delivers him an ultimatum: find him the best Valentine's Day gift ever or be fed to the classroom electric pencil sharpener.
405.	The Simpsons (1989 TV Series)
Episode: The Haw-Hawed Couple (2006)
Nelson declares Bart his best friend after Bart is the only child to turn up for his birthday party. Initially there are fringe benefits but then Nelson becomes jealous when Bart plays with Milhouse. Things come to a head on a field trip when the boys are trapped in a flooded cave- before reverting to normal. Homer becomes obsessed with Lisa's fantasy heroine Angelina Button which he reads to her but becomes Lisa's own hero after changing the ending of a storyline to make her happy.
406.	The Simpsons (1989 TV Series)
Episode: Lisa's Pony (1991)
Lisa calls on Homer to buy her a replacement reed for her saxophone for a talent show at school. Homer, however, is unable to bring it to her on time, because he wasted time at Moe's Tavern. He decides the best way to make her forget her anger is to buy her a pony, which he must take a second job--working at the Kwik-E-Mart--to support.
407.	The Simpsons (1989 TV Series)
Episode: The Girl Code (2016)
After a photo Marge posts on social media gets Homer fired, he returns to the best job he ever had, a dishwasher at a Greek restaurant. This same post inspires Lisa to code an app that predicts the real-life consequences of anything you post online, only to create sentient artificial intelligence.
408.	The Simpsons (1989 TV Series)
Episode: Moaning Lisa (1990)
Lisa is sad and depressed. Marge is trying to figure out why she is so upset and what's troubling her. Meanwhile, Homer is trying to beat Bart at a game and can't win. Lisa eventually leaves the house and finds a jazz player on a bridge named Bleeding Gums Murphy and soon get along. When Marge finds Lisa, she tells her to act in her best mood, and Lisa becomes happier than ever.
409.	The Simpsons (1989 TV Series)
Episode: Marge Gamer (2007)
Marge becomes a spectacle during a PTA meeting for not having an e-mail address, and she decides to take a chance on using the Internet. Amazed and delighted by all the Internet has to offer, Marge joins a popular role-playing fantasy game called "Earthland Realms." To Marge's dismay, the game has her interacting with practically the whole town of Springfield, including Bart, who happens to be the game's most feared and destructive player. Meanwhile, Homer saves Lisa's soccer game from cancellation after he volunteers to take the place of a referee who recently quit. However, Homer's refereeing skills only exasperate Lisa, and her competitive streak gets the best of her.
410.	The Simpsons (1989 TV Series)
Episode: Treehouse of Horror XXI (2010)
In "War and Pieces," the first of three spine-tingling tales, Marge, worried about the effects of excessively violent video games, encourages Bart and Milhouse to give wholesome, classic board games a shot. The best friends discover that board games aren't boring after all when they find themselves playing a real-life game in which they must beat all the challenges before they are allowed to return to home. The supernatural spells continue in "Tweenlight," when Lisa becomes smitten with a mysterious new student, Edmund, who also happens to be a vampire. When a romance blossoms, the young lovers run away to Dracula-la Land, leaving Homer to come to Lisa's rescue. In the final frightening fable, "Master and Cadaver," Homer and Marge set sail on a romantic second honeymoon, but are interrupted when they rescue Roger, a castaway who escaped an attempted poisoning on his ship. Convinced that Roger is sabotaging their getaway and plotting a murder of his own, Homer and Marge take matters into their own hands.
411.	The Simpsons (1989 TV Series)
Episode: Pranks and Greens (2009)
Fed up with Bart's constant pranks, Principal Skinner tells Bart that there is a former Springfield Elementary student hailed as the best prankster ever - even better than Bart - but he won't divulge the legendary student's name. Bart finally gets Groundskeeper Willie to reveal the prankster's identity: Andy Hamilton. Bart tracks down Andy, who is now 19 years old and hasn't grown out of his pranking days. Bart and Andy become fast friends until Bart gets Andy a job working for the ultimate clown.
412.	The Simpsons (1989 TV Series)
Episode: Moe Goes from Rags to Riches (2012)
When Moe is heckled for not having any real friends, his best friend (his bar rag that he likes so much) narrates the story of how he got to Springfield, from The Middle Ages to where he is today. Meanwhile, Bart and Milhouse have a fallout at Moe's Tavern after Bart takes something too far, so he sets out to whatever he can to get Milhouse's forgiveness. Then, Moe realizes he doesn't need to have just a bar rag as a friend.
After Moe is heckled for not having any real companions, Moe's best friend and beloved bar rag narrates his incredible thousand-year journey to Springfield. Beginning in the Middle Ages, the bar rag was loomed into a beautiful and ornate medieval tapestry and traveled around the globe through the hands of royalty before finding himself found himself at Moe's Tavern. Meanwhile, Bart begs Milhouse for forgiveness after the two friends get into a tiff, and when the bar rag goes missing, Moe realizes that he has more friends than he thought.
413.	The Simpsons (1989 TV Series)
Episode: Milhouse Doesn't Live Here Anymore (2004)
Milhouse's mother gets a job in Capitol City and takes Milhouse with her. Bart feels really bad about this and tries to find a new best friend. When Ralph doesn't fit the bill he and Lisa become best friends. It's weird but satisfying to both of them. Homer, who's at Moe's, realizes he hasn't got an anniversary gift for Marge yet. When he's outside (and totally drunk) he sits on the sidewalk and a woman gives him some money. He starts dancing and more people give him money. This gives Homer an idea to raise the money needed to buy Marge beautiful gifts.
414.	The Simpsons (1989 TV Series)
Episode: The Otto Show (1992)
After attending a Spinal Tap rock concert, Bart becomes inspired to become a heavy metal guitarist. When he finds he is (at best) marginally talented, he seeks advice from Otto. Otto decides to demonstrate his guitar skills, but forgets that he needs to take his busload of students to school. In the ensuing chaos, he drives recklessly and causes a rollover accident in front of the school. Although nobody is hurt, Principal Skinner finds out that Otto is unlicensed and fires him; Skinner takes over the job, but is a little too overcautious (unlike his predecessor). Meanwhile, the now jobless Otto is soon evicted from his apartment and forced to move in with the Simpsons. Otto just wants to lay around the house and play guitar, which irritates Homer, but Otto's attitude gets worse when he is unable to pass his driver's exam, despite several tries. When Homer confronts Otto about his laziness, Otto declares that he plans to staple his new license to Homer's head once he passes the test ... which - thanks to license examiners Patty and Selma, who have learned about Homer's ill feelings for Otto - is exactly what happens when they finally decide to go easy on Otto. It isn't long before Otto is back on the job.
415.	The Simpsons (1989 TV Series)
Episode: Yellow Subterfuge (2013)
A school trip on a submarine is coming but places are limited and only the best behaved students can go. Bart tries hard to be good but when he feels that Seymour has deliberately cheated him out of his place he and Homer conspire with Seymour's mother to make him think he killed her so he has to leave town. Meanwhile Lisa persuades a broke Krusty to allow foreign actors to impersonate him in their own countries but they prove to be more popular than the original.
416.	The Simpsons (1989 TV Series)
Episode: Stark Raving Dad (1991)
Bart puts his lucky red cap in the laundry, turning Homer's white shirt pink. When he wears the pink shirt to work, Homer is sent to a mental institution where his roommate is a big fat white guy who believes himself to be qv##nm0001391##. Homer's roommate and Bart collaborate on a song for Lisa's birthday-which she believes to be the best present she ever got.
417.	The Simpsons (1989 TV Series)
Episode: How I Wet Your Mother (2012)
Karma gets the best of Homer after he gets his friends in trouble, and as a result, his bedwetting problem worsens. The family goes on a mission to infiltrate his dreams to search for clues in his subconscious to determine the source of his problem. But just as things take a dangerous turn in the dream, a figure from Homer's past appears, and he is finally reassured that the fond memories of his mother Mona remain alive, giving him just the right amount of reassurance to cure him of his problem.
418.	The Simpsons (1989 TV Series)
Episode: Bart vs. Lisa vs. the Third Grade (2002)
When Bart is held back a year and Lisa fast-streamed they end up in the same class where, for once, Bart is the star pupil because he has already learned the material. Things worsen between them on a field trip where they are called upon to design a new flag for the state of Springfield and Bart sabotages his sister's efforts. After they fight they get lost in the woods before they are found by a hill-billy family and returned home. After this Principal Skinner feels it best to return them to their old classes.
419.	The Simpsons (1989 TV Series)
Episode: The Kid Is All Right (2013)
A new student comes to Springfield Elementary called Isabel Gutierrez, who is Lisa's intellectual equal. Lisa and Isabel become fast best friends but things take a left turn when they realize they have different political views - Isabel is a republican. They end up running against each other in the second-grade election, and then we flash to the future where they're engaged in an actual presidential debate - and Anderson Cooper is the moderator.
420.	The Simpsons (1989 TV Series)
Episode: My Big Fat Geek Wedding (2004)
Principal Skinner and Mrs. Krabapple are going to marry. At his bachelor party Skinner admits having cold feet about the wedding. Mrs. Krabapple notices this at the wedding and she runs away. She finds new love in Comic Book Guy while Skinner, helped by Homer, does his best to win her back. Things all climax at a sci-fi convention where Comic Book Guy plans to marry Mrs. Krabapple and Skinner - disguised as Catwoman - tries to prevent this.
421.	Hawaii Five-0 (2010 TV Series)
Episode: Umia Ka Hanu (2016)
Steve, Danny, Chin and Kono are out surfing and when they disagree on which route is the best to take so they make a bet. So Steve and Danny go their way while Chin and Kono go their way. Chin gets lost and he and Kono come across some men who are digging a grave. They pull a gun on them and make them dig. Grover goes to Chicago and is determined to prove once and for all that his friend killed his wife. So he restrains him and tears his place apart looking for the evidence.
422.	Hawaii Five-0 (2010 TV Series)
Episode: Ho'ohuli Na'au (2011)
It's the worst kind of overexposure when world-renowned photographer Renny Sinclair is murdered while on assignment in Hawaii shooting the annual swimsuit edition of a top sports magazine. Danny, who has to interview each of the shell-shocked models, thinks this might be Five-0's best case ever.
423.	Hawaii Five-0 (2010 TV Series)
Episode: Ka Ho' Oponopono (2012)
Physical therapist Greg Winter is appalled to find his teenage daughter Emily smothered to death with her own pillow at home. He refers the team to her teen lover, spoiled party animal Luke Preston, who is later found unconscious from a drug overdose at home. The team discovers Internet blackmail with candid video-cam sex pictures, traced to her best friend and the school headmaster, Rick Summers. As the killing is found professionally executed, the team identifies and concentrate on the hit-man, who is traced to a business and legal affair. Meanwhile Steve is torn between his loyalty to killer-targeted former SEALs commander Joe and his refusal to explain the truth about Yakuza Adam Noshimuri's father Hiro's alleged murder and the link to the mysterious Shelburn.
424.	Star Trek: Voyager (1995 TV Series)
Another series from the Star Trek franchise. It begins with the Federation trying to find the Maquis--a group of rebels first met in Deep Space Nine. They send Captain Kathryn Janeway and the new Starship Voyager to find them in a part of space known as the badlands. She recruits former Maquis member and Federation pilot, Tom Paris to help her. When they enter the badlands, something happens and they find themselves in the Delta Quadrant which is 70,000 light years away. They find the Maquis they were searching for led by Commander Chakotay. They learn that they were brought there by a being known as the Caretaker who was looking for someone to take his place as he was dying and it's his job to look after the Ocampa, an alien race, who is constantly being threatened by the Kazon. Janeway convinces the Caretaker to let the Ocampa fend for themselves but before he could return them he dies and knowing that the Kazon would use the Caretaker's technology to conquer the Ocampa Janeway destroys his ship leaving them stranded in the Delta Quadrant. They have no choice but to try and find a way to return to their own universe which would take them many years at their best speed. Janeway decides to take in Chakotay and his people and make them crewmembers. Also joining them is Neelix, a Talaxian, who helps them get through this unknown quadrant, and Kes, an Ocampan. Now the ship's regular doctor was killed, so for their medical needs, they have to rely on the EMH or Emergency Medical Hologram, which is a hologram of a doctor. During the fourth season, they met with the Borg, and somehow one of them, Seven of Nine was left with them and they were able revert back into human form, partially. And Kes who was going through some changes and could no longer remain on the ship left. Among the other crew members, B'Lanna Torres, a half human half Klingon engineer. Tuvok, the Vulcan Security Officer. And navigator Harry Kim.
425.	Star Trek: Voyager (1995 TV Series)
Episode: Threshold (1996)
After finding a type of dilithium which can survive at a higher temperatures, Tom Paris comes up with the ingenious idea of attempting to cross the transwarp threshold in an attempt to find a way to get home faster. After a bumpy start and the help of Torres and Kim, they succeed in a holodeck simulation. When it is presented to Captain Janeway, she is impressed and gives them the go ahead to try it, but traveling faster than warp 10 has never before been attempted. The first run goes very well. Tom Paris manages to cross the warp threshold which means that the shuttle craft in which he is traveling exists simultaneously everywhere. But Tom then disappears and Harry is unable to find him anywhere within five parsecs. Tom somehow manages to return to Voyager through subspace, but there are unforeseen side-effects of his transwarp travel and Tom begins to mutate. The doctor tries to treat him with a type of radiation that will prohibit cell mutation, however this fails and Tom dies. To the Doctor's surprise, Paris is able to regenerate himself and wakes up a couple of hours later with two hearts! His body continues mutating, with new organs growing and others being absorbed back in to his body. Tom refuses any treatment, saying that this is the best thing that ever happened to him but deep down he is scared. A cure is found by exposing Tom to highly focused anti-proton radiation to destroy all the new DNA and allowing his original DNA to reassert itself. However, Tom breaks free from his restraints, kidnaps Captain Janeway, takes the shuttle craft to transwarp. Captain Janeway's DNA goes through the same mutagenic process as Tom's. When Voyager catches up with them on an alien planet three days later, Paris and Janeway have devolved millions of years and have mated, producing three offspring. Commander Chakotay recovers Paris and Janeway but makes the decision to leave their offspring on the otherwise unpopulated planet.
426.	Star Trek: Voyager (1995 TV Series)
Episode: Bride of Chaotica! (1999)
While Tom Paris & Harry Kim are running an episode of their "Captain Proton" holodeck programs, Voyager gets caught in a layer of sub space. However this layer or 'sub space sand bar' as it is nicknamed is home to a race of photonic aliens. There is one big problem: they are not able to detect Voyager or any carbon based life forms (humans). Instead they transport down on to the holodeck and start a war with Dr Chaotica's army of Evil! When Voyager detects internal weapons fire on the holodeck, Tom Paris and Tuvok are dispatched to find out what the problem is. When they arrive on the holodeck Paris immediately notices something is wrong in that one of the 'good guys' his secretary Constance Goodheart is dead. This is strange - as he puts it 'the good guys never die'. Furthermore, they find Chaotica's robot, badly damaged, and after some minor repairs and Tuvok commenting, "Mr. Paris, your knowledge of this technology is impressive", the robot informs them that there are intruders from the fifth dimension who came through a portal. Tuvok is able to verify that the weapons signature coming from the 'portals' matches the weapons signature that they detected. Before they leave Paris insists on checking his rocket ship as it has sensors of a type. While deciphering 20th century technology a holographic alien enters the ship and does not believe what Tuvok has to say; he cannot detect them as they are not photonic life forms. Satan's robot then attacks him causing him to drop his "calling card". While they are on this little re-con sense mission Janeway, Torres and Seven are in the Astrometrics lab. Janeway comments that this reminds her of a previous mission when she was a science officer on the Alabotoney, "We spent three days spinning our wheels before we realized that our own engine emissions were..." Seven of Nine literally takes the words out of her mouth: apparently if they lower their emissions then they will be able to get out. Paris comes up with a plan to deal with Chaotica which Captain Janeway who seems to find slightly amusing. Paris suggests that they allow the story to play out with a bit of help from the Voyager crew; all they have to do is do disable the "death ray". Tuvok then comments, "It's a pity that we don't have one". Paris convinces a reluctant Captain Janeway to play the part of Arachnia, Queen of the Spider People, as it will allow them to infiltrate Chaotica's Fortress of Doom. He has been looking to create an alliance with the Queen. A more enthusiastic EMH is willing to take on the role of President of Earth in order to get the aliens to stop firing so that Paris (Captain Proton) and Harry Kim can disable the Death Ray. As the doctor is holographic they believe him because they can detect him. But even these best laid plans don't go according to plan; Janeway is tricked into confinement rings after insisting that the lightening shield (force field) be taken down makes Chaotica suspicious of her. However she is unable to uncork the pheromones, a powerful love potion that was given to Chaotica by the real Arachnia. Chaotica's henchman Lonzac then releases Janeway from her bonds allowing her to turn off the lightening shield; Paris is then able to fire on the Fortress of Doom, apparently killing his nemesis. But is this really the end of Chaotica? Tune in next time! Freed of the photonic aliens' interference, Voyager is then able to move off this 'sub space sandbar' and continue on her way homeward.
427.	Bates Motel (2013 TV Series)
Episode: Unconscious (2015)
Norma decides she can no longer deal with Norman's problems and visits a group home where he could get the best care. When she speaks to him about it, Norman concludes that his mother has given up on him. Bradley Martin convinces him to run away with her and in the circumstances, he agrees. When he tells his mother he's leaving with Bradley, Norma - believing the girls is dead - is now convinced that Norman is completely mad. Norman makes his escape but once alone in the car with Bradley, he tells her that his mother wants to speak to her. Meanwhile, Emma learns from the hospital in Portland that a transplant donor has been found for her. Afraid, she runs off but Dylan convinces her to go through with it.
428.	Bates Motel (2013 TV Series)
Episode: Presumed Innocent (2014)
In the aftermath of the fatal altercation with Cody's father, Norman finds himself being questioned at the station by Sheriff Romero. Norman insists that it was all an accident and that he was simply defending himself. Romero knew Cody's father and admits that he was pretty much angry all of the time. Norma can't keep her nose out of it and asks Cody not to mention Norman's blackouts to the police. Emma asks Dylan to be there for his brother and mother but her refuses. As for Cody, she holds no grudge and says goodbye to Norman as she is leaving town. Norma refuses to tell Norman what she knows about his blackouts. Meanwhile, Zane is planning another attack and Dylan does his best to find out just what he's up to.
429.	Bates Motel (2013 TV Series)
Episode: A Death in the Family (2015)
The summer is over and it's time for Norman to return to school. He does so reluctantly and at Norma's insistence but an hallucination in the school cafeteria sends him running home. Norma decides it would be best for him to be home schooled and so makes him the motel manager. Norman and Emma agree they should date. Norma meanwhile learns that her mother has died. She tries to maintain a cool facade and tells the lawyer she wants nothing to do with her mother's estate. Her brother Caleb is still around and he tries to give some money to Dylan who is out of a job now that the DEA has shut down the grow op. A sexy call girl, Annika Johnson, checks into the motel and Norman happily offers to show her how to get to the party she is working that night.
430.	Bates Motel (2013 TV Series)
Episode: A Boy and His Dog (2013)
Norman is upset after Emma tells some of the other girls that he and Bradley slept together. He leaves school without permission and in a meeting with the principal and his teacher, it's suggested to Norma that Norman seek professional help. The session with the psychologist doesn't go well. Norman starts spending time with Emma's father who is teaching him taxidermy. He gets his dog stuffed.Norma is worried about the bypass the town is about to build and tries to get Sheriff Romero to help her. He has news for her. Jake Abernathy is back at the motel and Norma decides to follow him to see what he's up to. She finds he's looking for something on Keith Summers' boat. She decides the best thing for him would be to leave the motel but he is obviously not happy about it. Dylan and Remo head off on a road trip to California to pick up the trimmers who will process the latest crop of marijuana.
431.	Scream: The TV Series (2015 TV Series)
A popular, yet intellectual teenage girl starts to question whether or not she is a good person as her classmates are targeted by a tech-savvy serial killer. Her friends are all lying and keeping secrets from her, and she's not left with many others to trust. As she realizes her mother's shady past is somehow connected to the new cyber-stalker, she starts budding up with her ex-best friend to get some answers. But that also means she's going to face off against a killer who's out for blood.
432.	Scandal (2012 TV Series)
Episode: The Lawn Chair (2015)
Olivia is hired by the police department to help when a young black man is shot by a policeman but his father shows up at where his body is with a shotgun and refuses to let them take his son until they tell him why he was killed. The policeman says he had a weapon. But some people are inciting a riot saying the boy was not a criminal. Olivia tries to get David to help but he won't. The White House is looking for a new Vice President. The best choice is a woman from New Mexico but she has desires for the Presidency which doesn't make Mellie happy.
433.	Scandal (2012 TV Series)
Episode: A Few Good Women (2015)
Vice President Ross continues to defy the Grant administration when she hires Olivia Pope to defend a woman in the Navy. Meanwhile, Quinn and Huck must do what they do best to get answers about B613 and Mellie's campaign for Senate continues to be a struggle.
434.	Scandal (2012 TV Series)
Episode: Thwack! (2016)
The election is in full swing, which means everyone is doing their best to take down their opponents, but when a potential leak threatens several candidates, they have to work together to keep their secrets safe. Boundaries are pushed and lines are crossed as we find out just how far some people are willing to go to protect themselves.
435.	Buffy the Vampire Slayer (1997 TV Series)
Episode: What's My Line?: Part 1 (1997)
"Career Week", a must at Sunnydale High by order of the principal, finds Xander has a future as jailer; Willow and geek Oz are nerdy first choice for top class companies. Buffy realizes that she has practically no future apart from that of a Slayer, at best law enforcer. Meanwhile Spike sends the order of Taraka, four deadly assassins who can assume any form, to eliminate the Slayer while, as Giles and Willow's research soon learns, a special cross stolen from the tomb of inventor Dulac, a theologian and mathematician, is added as key to his coded manuscript a vampire minion stole stole from Giles' library to find a cure for Spike's weakened, crazy vampire lover Drusilla...
436.	Buffy the Vampire Slayer (1997 TV Series)
Episode: Go Fish (1998)
Principal Snyder is so eager to see Sunnydale High's swim team go trough to the state finals that he 'suggests' Willow should spare its boys failing grades, on top of general adulation and favors. However, the best swimmers are soon murdered -in order- by an aquatic monster, unknown even to Giles and his books, which leaves only their skin, as witnessed by Xander, who enrolls as new swimmer -sexier in Speedos and braver then Cordelia ever imagined- while Buffy tries to guard the number three and most likely next target. It turns out the whole team is on special steroids, inhaled in the sauna, a secret strictly guarded by Coach Carl Marin, even when school nurse Greenleigh gets second thoughts...
437.	Buffy the Vampire Slayer (1997 TV Series)
Episode: School Hard (1997)
Two new demons are in town: the violent and rebellious vampire Spike and his lover, insane Drusilla. Spike has killed two Slayers already, and he wants to kill a third one: Buffy. The best chance is on the night of an ancient vampire ritual, but Spike prefers to anticipate it on Parent-Teacher Night at Sunnydale High.
438.	Buffy the Vampire Slayer (1997 TV Series)
Episode: Triangle (2001)
Giles travels to London for a watchers' meeting to discuss about Glory and leaves Anya in charge of the Magic Box. When Willow uses the supplies of the store to cast a spell to create a ball of sunshine to help Buffy to slay vampires, Anya argues with her and the distracted Willow releases a troll imprisoned in a parallel world. Olaf the troll destroys the store and goes to the Bronze to drink beer with the intention of eating babies. Meanwhile, the whimpering and needy Buffy is missing Riley and Willow and Anya chase Olaf. When they fight against the troll, Xander unsuccessfully tries to help his girlfriend and his best friend, and Olaf asks him to choose between Anya and Willow who might live.
439.	Buffy the Vampire Slayer (1997 TV Series)
Episode: The Weight of the World (2001)
Despite the gang's best efforts, Glory has succeeded in taking Dawn. This failure after so much effort proves too much for Buffy and she slips into a catatonic state. Willow must use magic to enter her mind and help her work through the trauma before it is too late to save Dawn and the rest of the world from Glory.
440.	Buffy the Vampire Slayer (1997 TV Series)
Episode: Doppelgangland (1999)
Anyanka, the demon who used her power to grant wishes to let Cordelia unwillingly create a world without Buffy as Sunnydale slayer, failed since then to get top-rank demon D'Hoffryn to rehabilitate her, but finally gets a chance to succeed in her menial incarnation as Sunnydale High pupil Anya: Willow, who is frustrated as a girl and individual, always taken for granted, in Buffy's shadow and just got railroaded by principal Snyder to 'tutor', or in fact slavishly do the paper writing on her own, for a spoiled jock brat, hunky Percy West, who even explicitly barks at her as his menial flunky, naively accepts to help 'Anya' with a black magic spell. Willow realizes only too late she's really working for the wrong side, stops before Anyanka's power-amulet is revalidated, but still summons a parallel Willow from a black dimension where she's a master vampire, who now makes her grand entry in Drusilla-style at the Bronze, co-existing with gentle Willow. The gang has no time to mourn 'the best of us', who urgently must join in again with Angel, while the new official Watcher, Wesley Wyndam-Pryce from England, proves of little use, to survive and get rid of the dark 'alien' version, while both go undercover as the other...
441.	Buffy the Vampire Slayer (1997 TV Series)
Episode: Bargaining: Part 1 (2001)
Buffy is dead, and the Scooby Gang must do the best they can without her. But concern about the way she died leads Willow to believe that she may have been pulled into a hell dimension. Unable to bear the thought of their friend enduring eternal torment, Willow, Xander, Anya, and Tara decide to perform a resurrection spell that will bring Buffy back from the dead.
442.	Buffy the Vampire Slayer (1997 TV Series)
Episode: Primeval (2000)
When Buffy sees Spike in Adam's cave, she realizes that Spike is intriguing the Scooby gang to destroy their friendship following Adam's instructions. She meets Willow, Xander and Giles and they apologize to each other. They also realize that the monsters were not captured by the Initiative, but actually they are the Trojan Horse of Adam to fight against the commando from inside. Once Buffy alone is not able to defeat Adam, the Scooby gang decides to transfer the best of each one of them, i.e., the witch power of Willow, the strength of Xander and the expertise of Giles, to Buffy through witchcraft to make her powerful and capable of fighting against Adam. Meanwhile, Riley finds that he has a chip over his heart and connected to his central nervous system to modify his behavior and obey Adam.
443.	Buffy the Vampire Slayer (1997 TV Series)
Episode: Out of Mind, Out of Sight (1997)
Cordelia's date for the may queen election, hunky jock Mitch, is beaten black and blue in the locker-room by a 'floating' baseball bat. Angel tells Giles he can get the Pargamon Codex, the best of the missing prophecy books concerning the vampire Master. The next victim of the invisible batterer is Harmony, a close friend of Cordelia; while the gang looks into missing teenagers, presuming one has turned into a spitefully aggressive ghost as the words 'look' and 'listen' are written near the victims, English teacher Miller is nearly asphyxiated. The gang finds the 'ghostified' girl is Marcie Ross, who became invisible because she felt nobody ever noticed her, and is after vengeance on pupils who ignored her...
444.	Buffy the Vampire Slayer (1997 TV Series)
Episode: Superstar (2000)
When the fantastic Jonathan visits Sunnydale U.C., everybody wants to be with him: the inventor of Internet; lead actor of "The Matrix"; awesome vampire hunter; stunning singer; great author of successful best-sellers; amazing lover. Meanwhile, a weird and powerful long-armed demon also comes to Sunnydale, marked with an unusual signal. When Buffy sees the same signal on Jonathan's shoulder, she feels that something is not right in the reality.
445.	Ithaca (2015)
Fourteen-year-old Homer Macauley is determined to be the best and fastest bicycle telegraph messenger anyone has ever seen. His older brother has gone to war, leaving Homer to look after his widowed mother, his older sister and his 4-year-old brother, Ulysses. And so it is that as spring turns to summer, 1942, Homer Macauley delivers messages of love, hope, pain... and death... to the good people of Ithaca. And Homer Macauley will grapple with one message that will change him forever. Based on Pulitzer Prize-winning author William Saroyan's 1943 novel, The Human Comedy, ITHACA is a coming-of-age story about the exuberance of youth, the abruptness of change, the sweetness of life, the sting of death, and the sheer goodness that lives in each and every one of us.
446.	Grimm (2011 TV Series)
Episode: My Fair Wesen (2014)
Nick (David Giuntoli) does his best to educate Trubel (guest star Jacqueline Toboni) on how best to handle the world she is learning about for the first time, and decides it best to bring her on a ride along with Hank (Russell Hornsby). They find themselves investigating the homicide of a young woman that strikes a chord for Trubel. Meanwhile, Adalind (Claire Coffee) makes a discovery that she hopes will lead her to regain something she has lost.
447.	Grimm (2011 TV Series)
Episode: The Show Must Go On (2014)
Nick and Wu, just back on duty, examine the bloody double killing of two vixens who lured to their home and taunted insufferably Max, a feral who is whipped daily to trigger his transformation as a circus act to be 'fatally shot' on stage. Nick's delight to be asked as Monroe's best man quickly turns into literal nightmares when he realizes the effect a Grimm can have on a hall filled with Wesens. Sebastien sacrifices himself so the resistance can bring Adalinde and the royal baby to safety during prince-usurper Victor's personally lead chase.
448.	Grimm (2011 TV Series)
Episode: PTZD (2013)
Monroe (Silas Weir Mitchell), Hank (Russell Hornsby), Rosalee (Bree Turner) and Juliette (Bitsie Tulloch) track down a manic Nick (David Giuntoli) and do all they can to find him and reverse what's been done to him before he causes any more damage. Meanwhile, Captain Renard (Sasha Roiz) does his best to clean up the zombie fallout on all fronts - domestic and international. Elsewhere, the more time Adalind (Claire Coffee) spends with Stefania (guest star Shohreh Aghdashloo), the more disturbing things seem to get in her quest to regain her Hexenbiest abilities.
449.	Grimm (2011 TV Series)
Episode: Blond Ambition (2014)
Agent Wesyon Steward lays very dirty to trick Nick, who is engaged as best man at Monroe's wedding. Adalind knocks out and tries to seduce Renard as he's on the trace of her plan to shift into Juliet's shape and make her doubt Nick's fidelity. Nick loses his Grimm powers but also his sun glasses and is recognized by the feral wedding guests, causing panic.
450.	Grimm (2011 TV Series)
Episode: Synchronicity (2014)
Monroe dismisses Nick's objections to being his best man as dark sunglasses prevent Wes from noticing a Grimm's eyes when they vogue. Usurper prince Viktor executes and replaces his chief tracker for failing to kill Adalind, who escapes with the baby princess by airplane thanks to the Verrat resistance and Nick's mother, who directs them to Portland.
451.	Grimm (2011 TV Series)
Episode: One Angry Fuchsbau (2013)
After sleeping on it Nick decides it would be best for Monroe to take Juliette to the trailer. However, the trailer triggers more memories of Nick than Juliette may be able to handle leading her to seek the help of Pilar for insights into her current condition. Meanwhile Monroe fears Rosalee, who is serving jury duty, maybe under the influence of a toad dropping Ziegevolk who is jury tampering to win his case. Nick, Hank, Bud, Monroe and Rosalee hatch a plan to stop this Ziefevolk once and for all.
452.	Pulp Fiction (1994)
Pumpkin and Honey Bunny are two thieves who, while dining at a coffee shop, decide that the best thing to do is to rob it. Vincent and Jules, two hit men working for mob kingpin Marcellus Wallace, are sent to retrieve a very special and very mysterious briefcase for their boss. Vincent later must also show Mrs. Wallace a good time while her husband is out. Butch Coolidge is an aging prizefighter who is being paid to "take a dive", but instead accidentally kills his opponent, and tries to flee town, but not before getting his dead father's lucky golden watch. These four seemingly unrelated stories are interwoven in a non-linear fashion.
453.	Banshee (2013 TV Series)
Episode: Homecoming (2014)
After finding out that Rabbit is in New York hiding in a church with his brother, a priest, played by veteran actor Julian Sands, Job pays him a visit. Burton does what he does best. It is easy to feel sorry for these poor damned people when Burton comes to call. Another revelation in the Hopewell household will seriously test their ability to reconcile completely. Lucas and Carrie prepare for a grand face-off in NY. The fate of Emmett Yawners is revealed. Alex Longshadow looks to keep Proctor in jail. What will Rebecca do about Proctor, Hood, Longshadow, Juliet, and Burton. She is in the middle of all of it.
454.	Whiplash (2014)
Nineteen year old Andrew Nieman wants to be the greatest jazz drummer in the world, in a league with qv##nm0723608##. This goal is despite not coming from a pedigree of greatest, musical or otherwise, with Jim, his high school teacher father, being a failed writer. Andrew is starting his first year at Shaffer Conservatory of Music, the best music school in the United States. At Shaffer, being the best means being accepted to study under Terence Fletcher and being asked to play in his studio band, which represents the school at jazz competitions. Based on their less than positive first meeting, Andrew is surprised that Fletcher asks him to join the band, albeit in the alternate drummer position which he is more than happy to do initially. Andrew quickly learns that Fletcher operates on fear and intimidation, never settling for what he considers less than the best each and every time. Being the best in Fletcher's mind does not only entail playing well, but knowing that you're playing well and if not what you're doing wrong. His modus operandi creates an atmosphere of fear and of every man or woman for him/herself within the band. Regardless, Andrew works hard to be the best. He has to figure out his life priorities and what he is willing to sacrifice to be the best. The other question becomes how much emotional abuse he will endure by Fletcher to reach that greatness, which he may believe he can only achieve with the avenues opened up by Fletcher.
Andrew is a drummer and a first year student at the Schaffer Conservatory. He is selected by the school's senior instructor, Mr. Fletcher, to play on his studio band. Fletcher is - to say the least - a difficult and demanding task master who accepts and expects nothing less that perfection from his students. His methods of exacting the best from his students include belittling them, throwing objects at them and creating a level of tension so high that average individuals would likely crumble under the pressure. It leads Andrew to eventually quit but a surprise encounter with Fletcher gives him a chance to show just what he can accomplish - or to fail miserably.
455.	Two and a Half Men (2003 TV Series)
Episode: Boompa Loved His Hookers (2015)
In bed with adoption officer McMartin, Walden realizes she's a loon and ponders breaking up. Hearing that Alan turned down moving int a new home with Lyndsey to stay in the beach-house, Walden concludes they're wasting their best opportunities and risks telling the truth, as previous disastrous revelations didn't actually mes up the adoption. That works out for both of the men, or at least initially.
456.	Two and a Half Men (2003 TV Series)
Episode: Welcome Home, Jake (2014)
Realizing that Barry fits too nicely among his parasitic-lazy house-mates, Walden finds the courage to give him marching orders, albeit generously helping to find him a cozy apartment at Walden's expense. Alan feared his relationship being found out would wreck his Jeff Streogan alter ego happiness, but Lyndsey gets jealous enough to resume sex with Alan and Larry is delighted to find his sister engaging in kinky sex with briefs-only best man 'Jeff', whom he even promotes best friend. To Walden's horror, Barry shamelessly abuses his standing invitation hardly to leave the beach-house, so the owner seeks privacy in the apartment.
457.	Two and a Half Men (2003 TV Series)
Episode: Sex with an Animated Ed Asner (2014)
Walden gets utterly exhausted by Louis's inexhaustible boy energy, so Alan suggests finding some playmates who can exhaust the rascal for them. Walden takes them to a playground, but Louis keeps insisting Walden must play with him. Alan is luckier, as kids mothers are eager to bond with a gay 'father' and his 'gay partner', potential best friends. Soon both co-parents have made girl friends and must come clean about being straight.
458.	Two and a Half Men (2003 TV Series)
Episode: How to Get Rid of Alan Harper (2014)
Walden planned a steady relationship with Nicole, but to his shock she prefers selling out their mind-probing computer device by accepting a Google job, hence moves to San Francisco. Their sidekick Barry soon decides against following her and invites himself to move in with Walden. Alan's alter-ego Jeff Strongman not only accepts to be Larry's best man against bride Lydnsey's wishes but also falls in love with groom's sister Gretchen, who is scarily like the petty scrooge.
459.	Two and a Half Men (2003 TV Series)
Episode: Nice to Meet You, Walden Schmidt (2011)
Despite Alan's best efforts, Charlie's funeral is as unworthy as his 'accidental' demise in Paris after being caught cheating on Rose. Ma is only interested in a commission on selling the beach-house and won't take in Alan for long. Luckily Internet billionaire Walden Schmidt, as handsome and irresistible as Charlie, stumbles in after a 'failed' suicide attempt over a divorce. He buys the place generously offers to put up Alan and Jake 'a month, tops' in exchange for some help. Berta can't believe her luck her new boss is even richer than Charlie, as undemanding, more handsome and repeatedly naked. Alan discovers the downside: Walden also gets the girls even without trying.
460.	Two and a Half Men (2003 TV Series)
Episode: I Remember the Coatroom, I Just Don't Remember You (2004)
When Jake's mother Judith gets a visit from her ever-rivaling, sexier but less smart sister Liz, Alan fears trouble because she had sex with Charlie in the cloakroom at his wedding. Charlie however expects Liz to go for Alan now, who thinks she really fancies him, but she is only the next best weapon to hurt Judith.
461.	Two and a Half Men (2003 TV Series)
Episode: The Soil is Moist (2008)
Charlie predicts correctly Alan's recently divorced ex, Cynthia Sullivan, a friend of Judith, will even go for Alan. Alas the born looser can't help stressing about her remark that Judith considers Herb her best lover ever, even imagines that the couple are observing his performance.
462.	Two and a Half Men (2003 TV Series)
Episode: Nine Magic Fingers (2011)
Walden realizes after the disastrous dinner his chances of patching up with Bridget are negligible. Alan abuses his hospitality to bring over his best ex Lyndsey, even Bertha her equally unattractive 'beau' Elmer. Alan convinces Walden to start looking for girls in bars. To his horror, but Jake's frustrated delight, Charlie's leach-like gold-digger lover Lyndsey hooks Walden.
463.	Two and a Half Men (2003 TV Series)
Episode: Ixnay on the Oggie Day (2010)
Hearing Chelsea is in Mexico with Brad, Charlie considers himself a free dumpee. So when her best friend Gail offers herself as initiate consolation, Charlie is easy prey. Yet when Chelsea calls having left Brad, Charlie makes Gail leave. Charlie's new receptionist is puzzled by the lustful sounds while he gives single female chiropractics patient Priscilla Honeycutt the massage she craves. Even Charlie looks down upon his acceptance of paying her massage house calls. Meanwhile Chelsea returns, acts indignant about Gail, admits later that was unfair, only to repeat that very injustice.
464.	Two and a Half Men (2003 TV Series)
Episode: Castrating Sheep in Montana (2007)
Alan let a girl-friend pierce his ear, rather then.., Charlie sneers it's badly infected and that side is a gay signal. Finding Berta in his bed after minding her daughter Naomi's baby and hearing them curs the scumbag who seduced her, Charlie soon guesses that's Alan and warns his brother it's his old damsel-in-distress-complex and Berta can physically take him on easily. Seeing the 'couple' pretend not to remember each-other, Bertha - welcomes him into the family and showers her best-ever potential son-in-law-to-be with treats; Alan wants out, Charlie tells him just don't break up till she dumps him, as they always do. Unscrutinably stupid Jake keeps winning gambling against Charlie. Naomi makes Alan bring the Harpers over for a family dinner at Berta's, even Evelyn who decides to 'cut him loose' right there. Then the baby's actual father, Hector, turns up...
465.	Baby Daddy (2012 TV Series)
A year after hooking up with a girl, Ben Wheeler, finds out he's a dad. The baby is dropped off at his doorstep and Ben must now seek help from his brother Danny, his mom Bonnie, his best friend Tucker and his childhood friend Riley. Baby Emma helps Ben become a mature young man and father. Meanwhile feelings are being developed and some have long been there and a love triangle is created, who ends up with who?
466.	The Killing (2011 TV Series)
Episode: A Soundless Echo (2011)
Sarah and Holder pressure Rosie's former boyfriend, Jasper, for answers and interview a new suspect. An emotionally vulnerable Stan and Mitch plan their daughter's funeral. Rosie's best friend, Sterling, reveals some surprising truths about Rosie's life. With a campaign that is struggling financially, Richmond attends a posh party in the hopes of raising funds.
467.	Masters of Sex (2013 TV Series)
Episode: The Revolution Will Not Be Televised (2014)
The TV studio's 'cleaned-up' version of Masters's team's presentation of his sexual research shocks him as the prudish 'self-'censorship barely leaves anything actually mentioned, as if it were a lifestyle show, but Virginia feels it's still their best shot given a rivaling author's upcoming publication. Diet pills firm boss Flo's rick family makes her somewhat desirable for sexually abused Dr. Austin Langham. To Willam's growing concern, Libby ventures further in the entangling racial tension. After considerable progress in his own reproductive dysfunction, William discusses with Virginia actually offering their findings as treatment to patients. Virginia's ex Goerge wants and major rule in their children's upbringing for him and his present wife, who is the main objection for Virginia.
468.	Masters of Sex (2013 TV Series)
Episode: Blackbird (2014)
Black hospital director Dr. Charles Hendricks forbids his staff to participate in Masters' studies. After preliminary results surprisingly support some racial prejudices, the conflict deepens and a newspaper reporter digs into William's compromising past. William insists on continuing his sexual report with Virginia, who accepts to be his research assistant again but tests only sexual cruelty with him, while continuing an affair. Reunited for his bachelor party, Gene Moretti is socked to learn from study buddy and best man Al about his bride Betty's lesbian history with Helen. Libby finds out that nurse Coral never stooped seeing Robert, what he is rather then a lover, but still fires the babysitter.
469.	Masters of Sex (2013 TV Series)
Episode: The Excitement of Release (2015)
Masters and Johnson's book is released and, while reviews are positive, the public's response causes unease around the office. The new spotlight on her mother starts to affect Tessa at school, while Libby does her best to maintain a social life outside of her friendship with Virginia. Meanwhile, Masters and Johnson look to old and new places to capitalize on their burgeoning fame.
470.	Star Trek: Deep Space Nine (1993 TV Series)
Episode: The Maquis: Part 2 (1994)
Sisko, Bashir and Kira have been taken captive by Cal Hudson. Once again the two commanding officers try to convince each other, but when Sisko refuses to join Hudson's cause, he stuns them. After returning to the station Sisko orders O'Brien to find Gul Dukat and decides not to tell Starfleet about Hudson. Meanwhile Odo has found out Quark's trade. He and Sisko interrogate the Ferengi and find out what he was selling. Then the Cardassian legate Parn arrives with a surprising message. Parn tells Central Command was indeed secretly smuggling weapons, but that this was the doing of Gul Dukat. Sisko and Kira don't believe it all and Sisko realizes that Hudson was telling the truth. Sisko aims for the best possible scenario: preventing a war, freeing Dukat and offering Hudson the possibility to return.
471.	Star Trek: Deep Space Nine (1993 TV Series)
Episode: Hard Time (1996)
O'Brien has been accused by the Argrathi of espionage and has already been sentenced: twenty years jail time in a artificial reality. While O'Brien felt like he was twenty years in a cell, only a couple of hours has passed. But the memories sure feel real for the chief. The crew of Deep Space Nine do their utter best to let O'Brien re-adjust to the 'new' situation, but it is clear the happening has had a major impact on him. He gets increasingly more violent to even his closest friends and refuses to go to a psychiatrist. O'Brien even purposely tells he was alone in his cell, while this clearly isn't true. Something about his cell-mate Ee'Char is bothering him immensely. The fact that a hallucinative Ee'Char hunts him is driving him mad.
472.	Star Trek: Deep Space Nine (1993 TV Series)
Episode: Little Green Men (1995)
Nog is about to leave for the Academy and Quark spots a perfect opportunity. He has just received a shuttle from his cousin Gaila, that was promised him ten years ago. He doesn't trust it and asks Rom to, but he can find nothing out of order. Quark and Rom decide to take Nog to the Academy with it. Not because Quark approves or wants to do the boy a favor, he wants to take contraband along: kemacite. When they arrive at Earth, they find out Gaila intention's weren't so good after all. He sabotaged the ship, they can't get out of warp and eventually it will tear to pieces. Rom can think of only one thing: start a cascade reaction in the kemacite, create an inversion wave in the warp core, then crash land on Earth and hope for the best. When they wake up, they are locked up in a room. Earth seems to have changed a bit. It's 1947... Roswell, New Mexico. The three "aliens" are then taken by the local authorities who are both fascinated and fearful of these extraterrestials, and Quark must find a way to con their captors in order to escape and find a way to get back to their own time.
473.	Star Trek: Deep Space Nine (1993 TV Series)
Episode: Tribunal (1994)
Chief O'Brien is preparing for a vacation with his wife Keiko, but has a hard time to leave things in the hands of others. Just after Sisko orders him to disembark, he runs into an old friend. It's Raymond Boone, whom he served with on the Rutledge. He left Starfleet eight years ago and moved to a colony on the Cardassian side of the demilitarized zone. O'Brien hasn't much time to talk to him and leaves with his wife in a runabout. Barely underway a ship suddenly approaches. O'Brien is arrested by the Cardassians for a crime. They refuse to tell him what he did wrong and transport him to undergo a trial. After a painful preparation a Cardassian Juror, Archon Makbar, makes it absolutely clear his guilt is already established and the trial is only a formality. Odo manages to get on O'Brien's defense team as Nestor, while the crew on the station do their best to come up with useful information.
474.	Star Trek: Deep Space Nine (1993 TV Series)
Episode: Our Man Bashir (1995)
Sisko, O'Brien, Dax, Worf and Kira are coming back from a tiresome conference. Suddenly there's a power surge in the warp core of the runabout. The ship's been sabotaged and it explodes. Eddington is only barely able to beam them off, but the shock wave damages the transporters. Their patterns are still in the system though and by deleting station's memory Eddington is able to store them. Meanwhile doctor Bashir plays secret agent Bashir, Julian Bashir in a holosuite. He is surprised by the arrival of Garak and finally allows him to join. Then suddenly KGB agent Anastasia Komananov looks like Kira. While Bashir thinks it is another uninvited guest, the truth soon becomes clear. The five crew members have become an integral part of the holo adventure. With the safeties off Bashir has to do his utter best to keep everyone alive, while Eddington and Rom try to solve the problem.
475.	Star Trek: Deep Space Nine (1993 TV Series)
Episode: Crossfire (1996)
Odo's highlight of the day is when Kira visits his office to discuss the latest crime report with a cup of raktajino. It's very obvious to at least Quark he is in love with her. The Bajoran first minister Shakaar is coming for talks with the Federation to the station. It will be a very busy time for Odo, especially after a death threat is received. It's very serious since it's coming from a Cardassian extremist group called True Way, that already succeeded in killing two Bajoran officials. Sisko ups the protection. Odo tries his best to ensure Shakaar's safety, but in the process finds out he has feelings for her. Shakaar even asks Odo if he thinks it is mutual. While he denies it, love seems to blossom nonetheless. He takes her for a stroll, she arrives late at the daily crime report meeting and spends the night in Shakaar's quarters. Odo is devastated and is starting to have a very hard time concentrating on his important duties.
476.	Star Trek: Deep Space Nine (1993 TV Series)
Episode: Explorers (1995)
Sisko has just come back from opening a library on Bajor. In the library he found blueprints of ships that the Bajorans apparently used 800 years ago to explore their star system. These ships didn't use a warp drive, but had solar sails and were propelled by light pressure. Some scholars even say they reached Cardassia. Sisko decides to try to recreate one of them and take it into space to prove it's possible. He asks Jake along, but he doesn't want to go. When Jake receives a message from Wellington, New Zealand he changes his mind. He wants to tell his father something. Meanwhile Dr. Bashir anxiously awaits the arrival of the Kensington. On board is Dr. Elizabeth Lense, she was the best of his medical class on the Academy and took the most prestigious job, medical officer on the Lexington. When the two meet, she completely ignores him. Bashir doesn't take it too well.
477.	Titanic (1997)
84 years later, a 101-year-old woman named Rose DeWitt Bukater tells the story to her granddaughter Lizzy Calvert, Brock Lovett, Lewis Bodine, Bobby Buell and Anatoly Mikailavich on the Keldysh about her life set in April 10th 1912, on a ship called Titanic when young Rose boards the departing ship with the upper-class passengers and her mother, Ruth DeWitt Bukater, and her fiance, Caledon Hockley. Meanwhile, a drifter and artist named Jack Dawson and his best friend Fabrizio De Rossi win third-class tickets to the ship in a game. And she explains the whole story from departure until the death of Titanic on its first and last voyage April 15th, 1912 at 2:20 in the morning.
Deep-sea explorer Brock Lovett has reached the most famous shipwreck of all - the Titanic. Emerging with a safe believed to contain a diamond called 'The Heart of the Ocean', he discovers the safe does not hold the diamond but a drawing of a beautiful woman wearing it. When Brock is later interviewed on TV, he shows the drawing to the cameras, and a 100-year-old woman named Rose Calvert living in Michigan recognizes the woman in the drawing - herself! On a visit to Brock's explorer ship over the wreck, Rose tells her story of the Titanic and its ill-fated voyage. Engaged to a would-be steel magnate, Caledon Hockley, she boards the Titanic's first-class suites with him and her mother in Southampton. Also boarding are Jack Dawson and his best friend Fabrizio De Rossi, after a lucky poker game wins them tickets in steerage. When Rose attempts suicide by jumping off the stern in third-class, Jack pulls her back onto the ship... and a bond is forged between them as Jack is invited by her into first-class the following day. Rose's mother and Caledon Hockley try desperate measures to keep them apart. But that strategy goes out the window when the Titanic collides with an iceberg, and due to a design flaw begins to sink - despite being proclaimed 'unsinkable'. Now Rose and Jack must fight to stay alive, but is young Jack already doomed because of his lower status as a steerage passenger?
478.	Midsomer Murders (1997 TV Series)
Episode: Master Class (2010)
Teen-aged Zoe Stock, a brilliant pianist, is attending a music school run by the Fielding family when she believes she sees a woman drown herself in the river, having left her baby on the bank. When the police arrive there is nothing to support her claim but Barnaby recalls that a mystery woman died in identical circumstances eighteen years earlier. Her body was found by Catholic priest Father Gregory, outside whose church an attempt is made to kill Zoe. A lucrative prize awaits the young musician adjudged the best by the Fieldings and it is assumed that another student is responsible.
479.	Midsomer Murders (1997 TV Series)
Episode: Fit for Murder (2011)
Barnaby accompanies Joyce to Swaveley Manor health spa,run by fussy Luke Archbold and his wife Phoebe.Luke is in a right of way dispute with Phoebe's former best friend,Miranda Bedford,who has written a novel,and her volatile handyman Carter Smith. Demanding guest Kitty Pottinger is found drowned in the flotation chamber and soon afterwards Luke is killed by a faulty weights machine. The spa faces closure and evidence points to Carter having killed Luke,though Barnaby believes he was framed. Kitty's husband Kenny disappears but is found,having survived an attempt on his life. Before Barnaby retires,handing over to his cousin John,he has exposed a fake medium and discovered that the killer had dual motives - hatred for the Pottingers and a need to stop Miranda 's book being published - both instances being fit for murder.
Joyce and Tom Barnaby spend a weekend at the Swavely Manor Spa Hotel. Tom is feeling out of sorts - he has a birthday coming up and he'll be the same age as his father was when he died. He's promised Joyce that he'll give it a try but their weekend is interrupted when another guest, Kitty Pottinger, is found floating in a salt bath. The dead woman's husband is missing and DS Ben Jones is sure he's taken a runner. Barnaby thinks that it's more complicated than that. There has been an ongoing feud between the spa's owners, Phoebe and Luke Archbold and Phoebe's one-time friend Miranda Bedford. Miranda and her boyfriend Carter Smith have been doing their best to discredit the Archbolds and the spa in the hopes that it will be closed. There will be another murder before the case is solved. As for Tom Barnaby, he's come to an important decision.
480.	Midsomer Murders (1997 TV Series)
Episode: Blood Wedding (2008)
DCI Barnaby and DS Jones investigate the murder of Marina Fellowes, the Maid of Honor at her best friend Beth Porteous's wedding. She is found stabbed in one of the bedrooms at Fitzroy manor, Beth having that day married Sir Edward Fitzroy. The Fitzroys are an old and long-established local family who don't take kindly to being told what to do and don't appreciate the police questioning them and their friends. There are numerous suspects, all of whom may have had a reason to kill her. She had once had an amorous relationship with Sir Edward but when that ended she moved on to his uncle, the vicar Marcus Fitzroy. When she ended her relationship with him, Marcus did not take it well and it is apparent that he has yet to get over it. The younger Fitzroy, Harry, seems to have made some bad business decisions and lost a good deal of money. Family friend Colquhoun seems to do their dirty work for them. The estate manager, Robin Lawson seems to have a legal claim against the Fitroys. Cook Mary Cooper was stealing from the kitchen while housekeeper Sally Fielding has taken a sudden interest in DS Jones. Two other will die before Barnaby figures it all out. Meanwhile the Barnabys have a wedding of their own with Cully and Simon's big day soon upon them. Things aren't going well however as the groom and bride to be are bickering and the caterer Tom hired has gone bankrupt.
481.	Midsomer Murders (1997 TV Series)
Episode: The Black Book (2009)
DCI Barnaby and DS Jones investigate the murder of Felicity Law who had recently sold at auction a painting she found in her attic. The previously unknown work, 'Midsomer Meadow' by Henry Hobson who lived in Midsomer, went for an unbelievable 400,000 and was purchased by well-known collector George Arlington. Joyce Barnaby had worked to raise money for the local Hobson Society which wanted to purchase it but came nowhere near having the necessary amount, which didn't stop its chairperson, Patricia Blackshaw from overbidding in a desperate attempt to win the prize. After the sale, Felicity had announced that she was giving most of the money to Matilda Sims, who runs a local art school. Soon after Felicty's murder, another Hobson painting is stolen from the home of Alan Best, who was also outbid at the auction. The presence of an insurance investigator leads Barnaby to believe that art forgery is at the root of it all. Several will die however before the perpetrator is arrested.
482.	Midsomer Murders (1997 TV Series)
Episode: The Killings of Copenhagen (2014)
DCI Barnaby and DS Nelson investigate the murder of Eric Calder who was apparently poisoned by eating one of his company's chocolates while on a business trip to Copenhagen. Calder's family have been making biscuits in Badger's Drift for over a century and the Danish police seek Barnaby's help in investigating matters at his end. Calder had a wife Penelope, a son named Harry and a younger brother, Julian. The dead man seems to have had few friends and was in Copenhagen to supply product to a Danish firm. His right-hand man in the business was his master baker, Armand Stone. Barnaby quickly determines that the contaminated package Calder received at his hotel originated in his own company's mail room. Dr. Wilding confirms that Calder died from strychnine poisoning which points the finger at Stone, who has a background in chemistry, but he says Calder and his son Harry had a huge row recently. In Stockholm, they learn that Calder was planning to reunite with a woman he had left long ago but the solutions to the deaths are found at the biscuit factory and the recipe for their best-selling product. In the midst of the investigation,Sarah goes into labor.
483.	Genius (2016)
When, one day of 1929, writer Thomas Wolfe, decided to keep the appointment made by Max Perkins, editor at Scribner's, he had no illusions: his manuscript would be turned down as had invariably been the case. But, to his happy amazement, his novel, which was to become "Look Homeward, Angel", was accepted for publication. The only trouble was that it was overlong (5,000 pages) and had to be reduced. Although reluctant to see his poetic prose trimmed, Wolfe agreed and helped by Perkins, who had become a true friend, managed to cut 90,000 words from the book, with the result that it instantly became a favorite with the critics and best seller. Success was even greater in 1935 when "Of Time end the River" appeared, but the fight for reducing Wolfe's logorrheic written expression had been even longer (over two years) and bitter ultimately taking its toll, the relationships between the two men gradually deteriorating. Wolfe did not feel grateful to Perkins any longer but had started resenting him for owing his success to him.
484.	Friday Night Lights (2006 TV Series)
Episode: The Confession (2007)
Landry gives into his better judgment and confesses about what he did while trying to save Tyra. Santiago feels the pressure about the upcoming football game, while pressure mounts between Julie and her mother surrounding the christening of the new baby in the family. Tim feels the pressure of his new roommate, while Jason does his best in getting back into the dating world.
485.	Friday Night Lights (2006 TV Series)
Episode: Always (2011)
With the decision to close the East Dillon Football program speculation runs wild on two fronts. Will the Lions be able to win State and go out in a blaze of glory; and will Coach Taylor agree to return to coach the Dillion Panthers and a super team with the best of both schools? Tami's PA job offer adds conflict in the Taylor home as does a new development with Matt & Julie. Meanwhile Tim Riggins and Tyra talk seriously about their futures and Luke & Becky clear the air.
486.	Friday Night Lights (2006 TV Series)
Episode: I Knew You When (2008)
The press grills Coach Taylor about the upcoming season while the teachers grill his wife, the new principal, about the budget and the necessary cutbacks, while Buddy and the football team have the best of everything. A new quarterback enters the picture and Matt feels threatened and Riggins is still up to his old game plan about not feeling anything. Tyra's new guidance counselor lays some rather bleak news on her, causing her to walk out of school, only to find some personal resolve within herself to attempt to rectify her situation.
487.	Spartacus: Blood and Sand (2010 TV Series)
Episode: A Place in This World (2012)
Continuing the search for Naevia, the gladiators take over another villa. Spartacus convinces Crixus it's best not to imitate Roman selfish arrogance but offer the slaves a choice for freedom, if they accept to be trained as comrades in arms. Spartacus himself tutors Tiberius, the murdered master's house-slave, born as Syrian Nasir, obviously reluctant to shift loyalty, who ends up saving their skin by luring in a Roman patrol so the gladiators can slaughter them. General Glaber grudgingly encourages Lucretia's prophetess pose and finds local militia commander Seppius unwilling to accept his authority. Flashbacks to Oenomaus's training before and by Batiatus senior.
488.	Glee (2009 TV Series)
Episode: Extraordinary Merry Christmas (2011)
When New Directions is asked to perform at two different events - on the same day, at the same time - they have a tough decision to make. Will they choose correctly and spread Christmas cheer, or will their ambition get the best of them?
489.	Glee (2009 TV Series)
Episode: Transitioning (2015)
Will is struggling to coach the Vocal Adrenaline as they refuse to listen to him. Rachel, being evicted out of her house because her dads finally sold it, is having a hard time. Both the Glee Club and Sue welcomes Sheldon Bieste with open arms and tries their best to make him feel at home after his gender transition.
490.	Glee (2009 TV Series)
Episode: Puppet Master (2013)
Blaine believes he has the best plan to win Nationals, but he doesn't take the glee club's criticism too well when the students accuse him of being too controlling. Over in New York, Kurt also runs into control issues when the band disagrees over the venue of their first official gig that Kurt booked. Meanwhile, Sue reveals the story behind her iconic tracksuit and gets in touch with her feminine side.
491.	Glee (2009 TV Series)
Episode: Glee, Actually (2012)
In this special anthology episode of Glee, we take a look at the freaky reality of Glee if Artie never had his car wreck, then, Burt and Blaine surprise Kurt in New York, both emotionally and personally, then, Jake and Puck hit the road to L.A for some well needed catch up time, then, with the end of the world just around the corner, Brittney and Sam decide to get hitched before it's too late, and finally, Sue enters the school's secret Santa and draws Millie, Marley's mom, at first she is overwhelmed, worried about what to get, but after overhearing their finical troubles, she decides to give them the best Christmas ever.
492.	The Prestige (2006)
Set in London in the 1800's, two rival magicians read each others diary containing the secrets of their magic tricks and personal life. As we go back in time when the diaries were written, both magicians become obsessed with their rival's best trick. The tricks, as shown to the audience, look the same, but neither magician can figure out how his opponent does it.
493.	Halt and Catch Fire (2014 TV Series)
Episode: Up Helly Aa (2014)
With no money except the $11,000 they could get selling Joe's sports car, Joe, Gordon, Cameron and Donna drive to COMDEX in Las Vegas in the Clarks' station wagon. Despite the bad publicity that Cardiff Electric has received because of the embezzlement, they believe it is still publicity that will generate buzz about their sheer presence, let alone what they might have to offer. They just have to play the part that everything is still running smoothly, which means presenting a facade of corporate wealth. But they find that Cardiff Electric's frozen bank account has caused some problems in securing both their hotel suite and convention floor space. Being that they are in Las Vegas, they believe that they may be able to overcome issue after issue with a little smoke and mirrors. But one obstacle they face threatens their entire existence at COMDEX, one that will make them individually and collectively decide what is best for the here and now possibly at the sacrifice of certain relationships.
494.	Captain America: The First Avenger (2011)
During World War 2, Steve Rogers tries to enlist but is repeatedly rejected for his frail and sickly condition, however a scientist notes his determination and allows him to be accepted. What Steve doesn't know is that this scientist is in charge of a government project to create super soldiers, in which Steve is to be the first, but the colonel in charge of the project can't see what the scientist does in this scrawny runt - a strong inner character. Meanwhile, Johann Schmidt, head of a German science division known as HYDRA, knows this scientist and fears the success of his project in America. It could mean trouble for the Germans, so he sends a man to infiltrate and see if it's a success, and "take care" of the scientist if it is. It is, and he does, but not without Steve and his new abilities chasing him down. With the doctor dead, no more American supermen will be forthcoming, and Steve quickly becomes a mere U.S. war drive propaganda tool called "Captain America." His role is useful, if undignified, but he soldiers on with it dutifully till hearing of his best friend's unit's capture, for which he promptly heads out to rescue them. During this rescue, he meets the diabolical Schmidt, and the two become each other's arch nemesis.
Steve Rogers, a weak, sickly young man eager to fight is repeatedly rejected from the war-until a seemingly "crazy" scientist recruits him in a new experiment to turn the tides. He is transformed into the super soldier the world needs, but no one believes it. He is used as an empty face for propaganda until his comrades, including hid best and only friend, are captured by the Red Skull, a Nazi general who wants to use the Tesseract for evil. "Captain America" breaks into Red Skull's HQ with the help of Peggy Carter and Howard Stark, and Captain America saves everyone. And everyone begins to realize what Captain America can really do.
During WWII, Steve Rogers constantly tries to enlist himself into the Army with the intention of protecting mankind. After being denied in several cities, Rogers is finally enlisted through service for a special military division dubbed the Strategic Scientific Reserve. Proving his worth, Rogers is selected by kindly Dr Abraham Erskine to take part in his Super Soldier experiments. Transformed, Rogers is super strong and fast and is dubbed as Captain America. After a brief career in propaganda and saving his best friend, Rogers begins to take the fight to the evil forces of the Nazi organization HYDRA and its dictatorial leader Red Skull, who seeks a source of dangerous power to help him destroy the world.
495.	Major Crimes (2012 TV Series)
Episode: False Pretenses (2013)
When Rusty receives a threatening letter, D.D.A. Rios demands his relocation to a new foster home. Raydor must decide the best way to keep Rusty safe without jeopardizing the progress he has made. A double homicide investigation leads the Major Crimes team to serial thief.
496.	Seinfeld (1989 TV Series)
qv##nm0000632## is a very successful stand-up comedian, mainly because the people around him offer an endless supply of great material. His best friend is George, a bald, whiny loser who craves the kind of success Jerry has, but is never willing to do what it takes to get it. Jerry's neighbor Kramer often barges into his apartment and imposes onto his life. In the second episode Jerry's former girlfriend Elaine comes back into his life, and the four of them are able to form a friendship together. The episodes were rarely very plot-heavy, focusing more on mundane conversations and situations that could be found during everyday life in New York.
497.	Seinfeld (1989 TV Series)
Episode: The Trip: Part 2 (1992)
With Kramer in jail, George and Jerry do their best to try and get him out. They have an interesting ride in a police car where a handcuffed prisoner gives him his own views on how much they should tip the maid at their hotel. At the police station, Kramer gets the third degree in the police interrogation room. Kramer is cleared but when George and Jerry return to New York, they have a bit of a surprise.
498.	Seinfeld (1989 TV Series)
Episode: The Subway (1992)
Jerry, George, Elaine, and Kramer all embark on separate adventures within the New York subway system. Jerry has to go to Coney Island to get his car out of the impound lot. George is on his way to a job interview. Elaine is on her way to be the best man in a lesbian wedding. Kramer is on his way to court to sweet-talk his way out of a number of traffic violations. On the way to Coney Island, Jerry has a hard time finding anyone to go with him, but meets a rather overweight individual who strips down to his waist, and decides to go on the rides with Jerry. George meets an attractive woman who takes him back to his hotel, robs him blind, steals his clothes, and leaves him handcuffed to the bed. Elaine, on her way to the wedding, takes the one train that has the power go out, and curses into oblivion. Kramer, after leaving court, wanders into a betting shop and actually wins lots of money for once. He's on his way back from the betting shop and nearly gets robbed, only to be saved by an undercover cop. Back at the coffee shop, nobody wants to remember their journeys on the subway, except for Jerry and Kramer, and they're all stunned when Kramer actually pays for once.
With full days ahead of them, the four friends head off on the subway. Jerry's off to Coney Island to pick up his car from the impound. He meets a naked man. Elaine is going to be best 'man' at a lesbians' wedding but the train breaks down . Kramer overhears a hot tip on a horse and heads off to OTB to place a bet. Getting home with his winnings may be a problem. George is heading off to a job interview but meets an attractive woman and decides to go off with her, much to his later chagrin.
499.	Seinfeld (1989 TV Series)
Episode: The Wizard (1998)
Kramer moves into a condo in Florida next door to Jerry's parents after a movie producer options his coffee table book. Living the life of a retiree, Kramer and Jerry's dad get involved in condo politics when the condo board is up for re-election. Kramer decides to try and buy people off by giving them a small pocket computer identical to the one Jerry gave his Dad for his birthday. Things don't quite go as planned. Back in New York, Elaine begins to ponders her boyfriend's racial origins after several people ask her if he's African-American. Despite her best efforts, she can't quite get him to say one way or the other.
500.	Seinfeld (1989 TV Series)
Episode: The Stall (1994)
Elaine has a problem when she goes to the washroom at the movie theatre but realizes too late there is no toilet paper. She asks the woman in the next stall for some paper but the woman refuses. She never sees the woman and is outraged that she wouldn't pass her any. It turns out the woman is Jerry's new girlfriend Jane and when Jerry hears both sides of the story, he does his best to keep the two of them apart. Kramer has taken a liking to phone sex, but the voice at the other end of the line is oddly familiar. George becomes friends with Elaine's new boyfriend Tony. Elaine realizes Tony's a 'mimbo', a male bimbo but, but George thinks is the coolest guy he's ever met.
501.	Seinfeld (1989 TV Series)
Episode: The Fire (1994)
George dates a woman who has a son. She invites him to her son's birthday party. While at the party, a fire breaks out in the kitchen. George screams "FIRE!!!" and knocks down the kids and the old lady as he cowardly tries to make his escape. The clown (not Bozo) puts out the fire with his big shoe. Meanwhile, over at Pendant Publishing, Elaine learns that she's up for a very nice promotion. But her main competition, Toby, is working with Kramer on his coffee table book. The three head over to the comedy club where Jerry is doing an important set where a writer from Entertainment Weekly will be present to do a review of the show for the magazine. Toby heckles Jerry. After Jerry gets the magazine and sees the mostly negative review of his show, he decides to do something unheard of - heckle the heckler. After he goes to Toby's office to heckle her, Toby gets so distraught that she leaves the building and a street sweeper severs her pinkie toe. Kramer gets the toe and hijacks a bus to take it to the hospital where it is reattached to Toby's foot. Mr. Lippman is shocked because of the incident and decides to promote Toby over Elaine for the senior editor's job. Toby's first order of business is to get Kramer's coffee table book in stores ASAP. Kramer loves this as he gets to do the book tour where his first stop is the Regis and Kathy Lee show. But after tripping over his chair and spilling coffee all over Kathy Lee, Lippman decides that it's best if Kramer not promote the book on any more daytime talk shows. The next day Jerry goes to the comedy club to plead with the Entertainment Weekly reviewer to get a second chance. He does and he runs into prop comic Ronnie K, who tells Jerry that what he did is unprecedented. Jerry agrees and says that it's finally time they drew a line in the sand. During the show, George stops by the comedy club and sees Ronnie K holding what is apparently Ronnie K holding a firearm. George thinks Ronnie K is going to rob the place, screams, and cowardly tries to make his escape by knocking everybody down. Jerry's set is interrupted and he's more than angry at George.
502.	Seinfeld (1989 TV Series)
Episode: The Soup Nazi (1995)
Jerry finds a new soup shop that makes the best soup anyone has ever tasted. The only problem is that the owner, who's earned the nickname the Soup Nazi, is something of an eccentric. Despite warnings to the contrary, both George and Elaine fail to follow the 'rules' and suffer the consequences. Elaine has also found the perfect armoire but can't move it in to her building on a Sunday. Kramer offers to stand guard with little effect. Kramer makes up for his less than stellar guard skills by finding Elaine a new armoire from none other than the soup Nazi. She finds something inside that levels the playing field.
503.	Seinfeld (1989 TV Series)
Episode: The Shower Head (1996)
Jerry appears on the Tonight Show with qv##nm0005143## but his jokes about his uncle Leo don't go over very well. Jerry's parents are in town after the fiasco at their condo and are living in Leo's apartment. Jerry is desperate to get them to go back to Florida. George decides that he too would like a buffer between himself and his parents and does his best to convince them they too should also be living in Florida. At work, Peterman tells Elaine she can't go to Africa with him after she tests positive for drugs. Kramer is upset when the apartment managers begin installing low flow shower heads.
504.	Seinfeld (1989 TV Series)
Episode: The Fatigues (1996)
Kramer's latest scheme is to organize a mixer for Jewish singles. He's rented the Knights of Columbus Hall for the event and plans on doing the cooking himself. It's soon obvious that he can't cope and begs George's father Frank, who was an army cook in the Korean war, to help him. Frank is still scarred by a particularly traumatic experience there however and hasn't cooked since. Jerry meanwhile is happy that his new girlfriend has a mentor but not so pleased when he learns the the woman is dating Bania. George has to give a talk on risk management at a Yankees lunch while Elaine can quite bring herself to fire the mail room clerk and so does the next best thing: she keeps promoting him.
505.	Seinfeld (1989 TV Series)
Episode: The Pothole (1997)
After knocking his girlfriend Jenna's toothbrush into the toilet, the highly fastidious Jerry retrieves it but finds her brushing her teeth with it before he can warn her. Despite his best efforts, he can't now bring himself to kiss her. When he finally breaks down and tells her what's happened, she decides on her own revenge. Elaine meanwhile is desperate to order a delicious fish dish from a Chinese restaurant but they refuse to deliver because she lives outside of their delivery zone. George has lost his Phil Rizzuto commemorative key chain and then learns the pothole it likely fell into has now been paved over.
506.	Seinfeld (1989 TV Series)
Episode: The English Patient (1997)
Jerry visits his parents in Florida. Kramer asks Jerry to pick up some Cubans while he's there, but Kramer doesn't specify whether they are cigars or not. The next day, Jerry has an encounter with Izzy Mandelbaum, the founder of the Magic Pan crepe restaurant. Izzy challenges Jerry to a weight-lifting contest, but when Izzy takes it too far, he winds up in the hospital. Jerry goes to visit and learns that Izzy, his father and his son are nearly identical in age, and each one challenges Jerry to a weight-lifting contest. Meanwhile, back in New York, Elaine is repeatedly dragged to go see the best picture winning film "The English Patient", but she absolutely despises it. Peterman nearly fires Elaine when she gets angry and leaves half way through the movie. Peterman gets so angry at Elaine that instead of firing her, he decides to teach her a lesson by making her go to Tunisia and live in a cave for six weeks. Jerry gets back to New York and Kramer learns that the Cubans aren't really Cubans but Dominicans. They then take jobs rolling crepes at the Magic Pan restaurant, but get fired and wind up becoming Cubans, hijacking Elaine's plane and flying it to Cuba.
507.	Seinfeld (1989 TV Series)
Episode: The Barber (1993)
With Jerry going to be "sold" at a bachelor auction organized by Elaine, he gives in to her demand that he get a haircut. He doesn't trust his regular barber Enzo so he makes a point of going on his day off so that the younger Gino can cut his hair, Unfortunately, Enzo is there and insists on taking care of his best customers. When Jerry tries to get Gino to fix the results, Enzo learns of it and launches a vendetta. George thinks he has a job but the interviewer was cut off mid-sentence and he's not sure what to do. He decides to just show up at his new office.
508.	Seinfeld (1989 TV Series)
Episode: The Implant (1993)
Jerry has a gorgeous new girlfriend, Sidra, but can't help but wonder if her breasts are real or implants. Elaine tells him she's sure they're fake and he decides not to see her again. An encounter in the sauna leads her to think otherwise. George has to attend an out of town funeral and does his best to get a discounted airfare. At the wake George is accosted by a mourner after George double dips his chip in the dip.
509.	Mother's Day (2016)
Follows the lives of different mothers on Mothers Day. Sandy (Aniston) is happily divorced, until she finds out her ex-husband eloped with a much younger woman. Now she must learn to deal with big changes in her life as her two boys now have a step-mom. Sisters Jesse (Hudson) and Gabi (Chalke) get an unexpected surprise from their mother, who is not happy to find out Gabi is a lesbian and Jesse is married to a man of color. Miranda (Roberts) doesn't have any kids and is focusing on her career. Kristin (Robertson) is enjoying life as a new mother but is feeling pressure from her boyfriend to get married. Bradley (Sudeikis) is trying hard to be the best parent for his two girls since their mom passed away last year, however his idea of Mothers Day is pretending it doesn't exist at all.
510.	Brother Nature (2016)
Roger (Taran Killam), a strait-laced politician has big plans to propose to his dream girl (Gillian Jacobs) at her family's lake house. But everything goes awry when he meets his potential brother-in-law Todd (Bobby Moynihan): a full-time camp counselor with a heart of gold and a wild sense of fun, pining to be Roger's best friend, and ultimately catapulting him into a series of unfortunate events. As Roger tries to take a stand amidst outrageous fishing excursions, propulsive water jetpacks and American history-themed musicals, he realizes that being a part of a new family may be more difficult than he'd thought.
511.	The Departed (2006)
Two just-graduated officers from Massachusetts State Police Academy follow opposite sides of the law: Billy Costigan is assigned to work undercover with the Irish mobster Frank Costello to get evidence to arrest him. His true identity is known only by his superiors Dignam and Oliver Queenan. The protege of Costello, Colin Sullivan, is promoted in the Massachusetts State Police and is the informer of Costello. Each police officer gives his best effort trying to disclose the identity of the other "rat."
512.	Z Nation (2014 TV Series)
Episode: Puppies and Kittens (2014)
A ragtag team come together to transport the only known survivor of a zombie virus across post-apocalyptic America to a lab that's waiting for his blood in the premiere of this drama. However, what they don't know is that their last, best hope for a vaccine is hiding a dark secret that threatens them all.
513.	Scrubs (2001 TV Series)
Episode: My Kingdom (2003)
JD is to start his surgical practice and he would do anything to be in the group, and anything DOES include selling his best friend. Perry -frustrated by the crappy computers Kelso gives them in order to buy fancy stuff for himself- takes advantage of Kelso being away and starts a rumor that Kelso died which makes everyone happy.
514.	Scrubs (2001 TV Series)
Episode: My First Day (2001)
John Dorian, or J. D., is feeling on top of the world. He has gotten through med school and optimistically prepares for his first day of internship at Sacred Heart Hospital. He has a rude crash with reality as he proceeds through his first days. He meets Elliot Reid, fellow intern, a third generation doctor. He is immediately smitten with her, and so the romance begins. Ted Buckland, the hospital attorney, warns the young doctors of lawsuits in his anxious, wimpy way. Nurse Carla Espinosa eases him into his duties, but shows she can be as irascible as she is kind. Dr. Bob Kelso, the Chief of Medicine, comes on as a supportive, encouraging employer, but proves himself to be more interested in hospital politics and policies than personnel and patients. J. D. sees Dr. Perry Cox as a potential mentor, but is constantly the victim of his relentless criticism. J. D. has an innocent encounter with the Janitor, who turns it into a scene of trivial conflict. Nurse Laverne Roberts seems innocuous, but her ears and eyes are always open to hospital drama. Through it all his best friend and fellow doctor, Chris Turk is there for him. Turk, who is a surgical intern, introduces J. D. to Dr. Todd Quinlan, the Todd, who proves to be a scalpel jock with a wicked high five. J. D. cautiously drifts through his first days trying to get the staff's approval, attempting to prove himself as a doctor, and hoping he is the doctor his patients expect him to be. Finally, he has a medical reality check, when his first patient unexpectedly dies. Distraught and frightened, Turk is there to help J. D. hold it together until the end of his first on-call shift. J. D. sometimes likes fantasy better than reality, and we see and hear many of his thoughts. His extraordinary imagination helps him cope with everyone he meets and every situation he experiences, with his optimism intact. There is a brutal honest quality to all the players as they negotiate the choppy waters of the health care system.
515.	Scrubs (2001 TV Series)
Episode: My Porcelain God (2004)
JD and Kevin Casey find out about the roof toilet -aka- the epiphany toilet- Elliot needs help regaining her intubating skills, so she turns to KEVIN CASEY who helped everyone else And Turk asked JD to be his best man, so will JD be the best best man?
516.	Jane the Virgin (2014 TV Series)
Jane is a religious young Latina who is a waitress in a hotel in Miami. Her life takes a big turn for the unexpected when her doctor (Dr. Luisa Alver) mistakenly artificially inseminates her during her checkup. Jane's mother Xiomara, who became pregnant with Jane at a very young age, is scared that Jane will be destroying her life by deciding to bring the baby to full term, while Jane's traditional religious Latina grandmother, Alba, encourages Jane to do what she chooses. The biological father is a married man named Rafeal Solano, who is a cancer survivor and a former playboy. He is the new owner of the hotel where Jane works, and was her former teenage crush. Petra, Rafael's amoral and scheming wife, learns of the mistake and plots her own agenda. Petra is also involved in an affair with Roman Zazo, Rafael's best friend, who is under investigation by Jane's police detective boyfriend, Michael, and who also deals with Jane's unexpected condition in his own way. Meanwhile, the doctor who inseminated Jane, Dr. Luisa Alver, who is Rafael's younger sister, is distraught over learning that her wife cheated on her and left her. Elsewhere, Rogelio de la Vega, a famous TV star and, unbeknownst to her, Jane's biological father, shows up to wanting to make contact with Xiomara, unaware of Jane's existence.
517.	Jane the Virgin (2014 TV Series)
Episode: Chapter Nine (2014)
Jane (Gina Rodriguez) and Rafael (Justin Baldoni) are both concerned about Petra's (Yael Grobglas) true intentions with the baby, especially after they discover one of her shocking secrets. Rogelio (Jaime Camil) is nominated again for a Best Actor award and invites Jane, Alba (Ivonne Coll) and Xo (Andrea Navedo) to attend the show with him. Xo is about to give up on her dreams, but when she meets her ultimate idol, Paulina Rubio, she has a change of heart. Meanwhile, Michael (Brett Dier) unveils a huge clue in his ongoing investigation.
518.	Jane the Virgin (2014 TV Series)
Episode: Chapter Seven (2014)
Jane decides the best thing for her is to stay away from Rafael, but when her friends insist on taking her to the hot new club that he owns, she finds it hard to avoid him. Elsewhere, Xo and Rogelio each have dinner plans, so Rogelio suggests they have a double date, but the evening doesn't work out as planned. Meanwhile, Petra is once again scheming to make Rafael's life more difficult.
519.	Jane the Virgin (2014 TV Series)
Episode: Chapter Thirty-One (2016)
Jane's latest parenting obstacle is sleep training Mateo, a struggle that has the Villanueva woman divided on what is the best method. At the same time, she is beginning her new job as a TA and is faced with a class full of basketball players looking for an easy A. Petra confesses all to Rafael and is determined to put her mother away for good. Rogelio's mother Liliana comes for a visit and reveals a forty year old family secret. Meanwhile, Michael discovers the truth about Luisa's mother and new information about Rafael's mother.
520.	Jane the Virgin (2014 TV Series)
Episode: Chapter Eighteen (2015)
Jane (Gina Rodriguez) unintentionally ruins Rafael's (Justin Baldoni) chances of getting the hotel's liquor license back, but her attempt to help fix it means missing the Villanueva's Easter festivities. Rafael gets information about his birth mother from the private detective he has hired, but doesn't like what he hears. Rogelio's (Jaime Camil) mother, Liliana (Rita Moreno), comes for a visit but she and Xo (Andrea Navedo) do not have the best history. Alba (Ivonne Coll) takes a big step in the romance arena, but is shocked when she learns what Edward (guest star Cheech Marin) does for a living. Meanwhile, Petra (Yael Grobglas) becomes more convinced about the secret she thinks she has stumbled upon and enlists Michael's (Brett Dier) help to get confirmation.
521.	Jane the Virgin (2014 TV Series)
Episode: Chapter Thirty-Two (2016)
In the middle of the night, Jane gets a burst of creative energy and starts her thesis. Unfortunately, Mateo spills orange juice all over her computer causing it to crash and Jane loses all her hard work. When Jane brings her computer to be fixed, she meets Dax and with the urging of her friend Lina, Jane considers dating again. Rogelio decides to have his mother Liliana become his manager, but soon realizes that was not the best decision. When Rafael comes to after being attacked by his mother now known to be the crime lord Mutter, he goes to Michael and tells him what Mutter is looking for.
In the middle of the night, Jane (Gina Rodriguez) gets a burst of creative energy and starts her thesis. Unfortunately, Mateo spills orange juice all over her computer causing it to crash and Jane loses all her hard work. When Jane brings her computer to be fixed, she meets Dax (guest star Diego Boneta) and with the urging of her friend Lina (guest star Diane Guerrero), Jane considers dating again. Rogelio (Jaime Camil) decides to have his mother Liliana (guest star Rita Moreno) become his manager, but soon realizes that was not the best decision. When Rafael (Justin Baldoni) comes to after being attacked by his mother now known to be the crime lord Mutter, he goes to Michael (Brett Dier) and tells him what Mutter is looking for. Andrea Navedo and Ivonne Coll also star.
522.	Jane the Virgin (2014 TV Series)
Episode: Chapter One (2014)
Jane Villanueva is a religious young Latina woman that goes to college in Miami whose life takes a turn for the unexpected when a doctor mistakenly artificially inseminates her during a checkup. Jane's mother Xo, who became pregnant with Jane at a very young age, fears that Jane will be destroying her life by deciding to bring the baby to full term while Jane's traditional religious grandmother, Alba, encourages Jane to do what she chooses. The biological donor is a married man named Rafael Solano, a former playboy and cancer survivor who is not only the new owner of the hotel where Jane works, but was also her former teenage crush. Petra, Rafael's amoral and scheming wife, learns of the mistake and plots her own agenda. Petra is also involved in an affair with Roman Zazo, Rafael's best friend, who is under investigation by Jane's police detective boyfriend, Michael, and who also deals with Jane's unexpected "condition" in his own way. Meanwhile, the doctor who inseminated Jane, Dr. Luisa Alver, who is Rafael's younger sister, is distraught over learning that her wife cheated on and left her. Elsewhere, Rogelio de la Vega is famous TV star and Jane's biological father, shows up to wanting to make contact with Xo... and who is not aware of Jane's existence.
523.	Jane the Virgin (2014 TV Series)
Episode: Chapter Six (2014)
Jane and Rogelio begin to grow closer until she meets his mean twin teenage stepdaughters, who are determined to make her life miserable. Rogelio insists Xo uses his band for her big performance at the Mirabella Hotel, but the band is not what she was expecting. Elsewhere, Rafael finds himself arrested after Petra files a complaint against him. Meanwhile, Jane is conflicted about the direction of her relationship with Michael and what will be the best choice for her.
524.	Psych (2006 TV Series)
Think you are psychic? Well so does Shawn Spencer. Shawn and his best friend Gus own a business called Psych. They are able to stay in business only because of the cases they work with Santa Barbara police department as psychics. Shawn and Gus go through many ups and downs trying to keep the ruse up. Can they pretend forever? Or is the world they built going to come crumbling down?
Shawn tells the Chief of Police (Karen Vic) that he is a psychic in order to get himself out of some hot water; this leads him to dragging his best friend Burton Guster to a Kidnapping Case, after solving that, Shawn and Gus continue to solve crimes for the Santa Barbara Police Department along with Karen Vic, Juliet Ohara, Carlton Lassiter, and Shawn's Dad, Henry Spencer.
525.	Psych (2006 TV Series)
Episode: Deez Nups (2013)
With Lassiter's beloved Marlowe Viccellio finally free from jail, they want to tie the knot quickly, thus acquiring marital rights her parole vindictive officer can't overrule. Against Lasie's expressed wishes, Shawn's gang organizes a bachelor party, so he must hustle a 'best man', party animal Stumpy. Mob lord Max Rizzo wants at all cost to prevent his caught accountant Herb Pollack turning crown witness, so when Lassie agrees to bring him in, the mob attacks the party bus and takes Marlowe hostage, leading to a ludicrous (non-)exchange.
526.	Law & Order (1990 TV Series)
Episode: Act of God (1995)
Detectives Briscoe and Logan investigate an explosion at a construction site that killed a 12 year-old boy. They initially focus on the building owner, who is set to collect a hefty insurance settlement but realize that in the construction industry, there are a great many who could profit. The general contractor, Buzz Palley, has a bad reputation when it comes the quality of his work and the blast may have saved him from a major law suit. Palley is arrested but the information is circumstantial at best. Palley claims that his girlfriend's husband, Hank Chapel, set the explosion in an attempt to kill him. Chapel is a demolitions expert and ADAs McCoy and Kincaid get a conviction. They may have convicted the wrong man however.
527.	Law & Order (1990 TV Series)
Episode: Menace (1997)
Detectives Briscoe and Curtis investigate the death of Karen Marsh who, it seems, jumped off the Brooklyn Bridge. They soon establish that she had been in a fender bender and the driver of the other car forced her out of her car and chased her. She apparently leaped off the bridge to get away from him. Karen had been without a job since the shoe factory she worked in burned down some six months before. She had recently visited her old boss, Harold Dorning and he thought she was just fine. They eventually trace her attacker, "Crazy" Mike McDugan a man with a violent temper and a criminal record for assault. He admits to the road rage incident but insists that she jumped off the bridge on her own. The best the DA's office can get is an indictment for assault - until they learn that his one-time prison roommate was a professional arsonist which makes them look into the fire at the factory where she worked and her old boss.
528.	Law & Order (1990 TV Series)
Episode: Blue Bamboo (1994)
When Japanese businessman is killed the investigation reveals that the man was a misogynist who treated women like dirt. So they suspect that he tried to force himself on a woman and she fought back. Eventually the trail leads them to a woman who knew him in Japan. After she's arrested, her lawyer decides to utilize the battered woman defense. McCoy does his best to counter because the man's associates want justice.
529.	Law & Order (1990 TV Series)
Episode: The Dead Wives Club (2004)
A death of a woman on a boat at first seems accidental but is found to be foul play. The detectives find out that the woman's husband, a firefighter, was killed during the September 11th attacks. She has since received a large pay-out, and has since re-married her husband's best friend (who is also her best friend's husband).
530.	Law & Order (1990 TV Series)
Episode: Sanctuary (1994)
Detectives Briscoe and Logan investigate a hit and run accident that killed a young African-American boy. The case quickly takes on racial overtones when several witnesses identify the driver as a Jew. Before the detectives get too far into the case the driver, Joshua Berger, turns himself in insisting it was an accident. The traffic bureau confirms that, based on all of the evidence at the scene, Berger was not driving fast and did his best to try and avoid hitting the boy. Berger is not charged which outrages the black community and one of its leaders, Reverend Ott. It leads to a riot where a white man is pulled from his car and beaten to death in front of his wife. Using videotape the police the police identify the main assailant but he claims asylum in a local church.
531.	Law & Order (1990 TV Series)
Episode: Remand (1996)
When a mob arsonist is arrested, he wants to make a deal for a lighter sentence. He tells the police that the vicious rape and assault of Cookie Costello 30 years before was not committed by the man who confessed to the crime, Sal Munoz, but by a mob enforcer by the name of Mike Farina. The claim is credible and the Costello case is re-opened. They eventually conclude that Farina had an alibi for the time Costello was assaulted but that doesn't stop an aggressive lawyer, Teri Marks, from seeking a new trial for Munoz. When her appeal is granted, she also manages to have Munoz's confession thrown out leaving ADA McCoy to prosecute a 30 year-old case with witnesses, those who are alive at any rate, with at best faded memories.
532.	Reign (2013 TV Series)
Chronicles the rise to power of Mary Queen of Scots (Kane) when she arrives in France as a 15-year-old, betrothed to Prince Francis, and with her four best friends as ladies-in-waiting. It details the secret history of survival at French Court amidst fierce foes, dark forces, and a world of sexual intrigue.
533.	Reign (2013 TV Series)
Episode: Blood for Blood (2014)
Tensions between Protestants and Catholics escalate when bloodshed at a Protestant service causes an already concerned Mary and Francis to intervene on the eve of Greer's wedding. Bash and Leith lead a search for the guilty that reveals a surprising secret about Castleroy that could destroy his union with Greer. Meanwhile, Francis receives an unwelcome gift from his dead father. Kenna discovers a sex journal, with clues leading to the best lover at court, who just might be a match for Lola.
534.	Girl Meets World (2014 TV Series)
Girl Meets World is the Boy Meets World for a whole new generation. Riley is the pre-teen daughter of Corey and Topanga from the original TGIF series. Riley and her best friend Maya navigate the highs and lows of middle school while little brother Auggie cheers them on. Maya is the carefree and daring part of the friendship while Riley is quick-thinking and responsible. When the irresistibly attractive Lucas Friar moves to town from Texas things get really shaken up and Riley decides it's time to take on the world.
Fourteen years after Boy Meets World, Cory and Topanga are the parents of a perky 12-year-old girl named Riley and an adorable 5-year-old son named Auggie. Along with her two best friends, Maya and Farkle, her crush, Lucas, and her history teacher (her father) Riley learns the ups and downs of being a pre-teen and life.
535.	Billions (2016 TV Series)
Episode: The Deal (2016)
The repercussions of the raid on Axe Capital ripple outward. Axe is spoiling for a fight, and plans a scorched-earth defense against this very public attack on his company-threatening his relationship with Wendy in the process. Chuck's interrogation of Dollar Bill does not go as planned, and political pressure mounts for Chuck to recuse himself in the face of a protracted legal battle. Wendy, caught in the middle, engages in deft shuttle diplomacy to facilitate a deal in the best interests of both men. But everything hinges on a fraught face-to-face meeting between Chuck and Axe to finalize the agreement.
536.	The West Wing (1999 TV Series)
Episode: 20 Hours in America: Part I (2002)
After Bartlet gives a campaign speech at an Indiana farm, Josh, Toby and Donna are left behind by the presidential motorcade and must work their way across the state with the help of the farmer's daughter and, later, a teenage campaign volunteer, enduring many setbacks along the way. Josh and Toby obsess and bicker over how best to play the president's intellectualism, viewed by many as snobbery, against Republican opponent Robert Ritchie's "regular guy" persona, while Donna must keep them on track and communicate with the real Americans they encounter along the way. Back at the W.H., the president deals with a terrorist attack at an Iowa college swim meet, meets with Leo, Nancy and Fitzwallace to discuss how to handle the prospect of the U.S. and/or Israel being accused of a conspiracy in the assassination of Qumari defense minister Abdul Shareef, and interviews secretarial candidates, including a second round with Debbie Fiderer; the wandering party finally arrive at a city with an airport (presumably South Bend) and stop briefly at a nearby hotel, where they learn about the Iowa attack and Donna chastises the two men for caring only about the campaign and not the people it affects; later in the hotel bar, Josh and Toby meet a man trying to figure out how to pay his daughter's tuition to Notre Dame, and he inspires them to initiate new tax policy.
537.	The West Wing (1999 TV Series)
Episode: The State Dinner (1999)
While preparing for (and enduring) a state dinner for the newly-elected president of Indonesia, staff deal with a multitude of other problems: Josh and Mandy argue over the best way to handle an FBI standoff with militants in Idaho; Leo (and eventually Bartlet) intervenes in a negotiations between the Teamsters Union and national reps for the trucking industry; Toby tries to convince an Indonesian cabinet member to release a friend of his, an activist or incites anti-government protests, from prison; Sam witnesses Laurie at work as a call girl, serving as the state dinner date for a big fund raiser; and a pre-season hurricane initially threatens the Atlantic Coast, and then moves out to sea, where it puts an entire naval fleet in peril.
538.	The Mechanic (2011)
Arthur Bishop (Jason Statham) is a 'mechanic' - an elite assassin with a strict code and unique talent for cleanly eliminating targets. It's a job that requires professional perfection and total detachment, and Bishop is the best in the business. But when his mentor and close friend Harry (Donald Sutherland) is murdered, Bishop is anything but detached. His next assignment is self-imposed - he wants those responsible dead. His mission grows complicated when Harry's son Steve (Ben Foster) approaches him with the same vengeful goal and a determination to learn Bishop's trade. Bishop has always acted alone but he can't turn his back on Harry's son. A methodical hit man takes an impulsive student deep into his world and a deadly partnership is born. But while in pursuit of their ultimate mark, deceptions threaten to surface and those hired to fix problems become problems themselves.
539.	Blue Bloods (2010 TV Series)
Episode: Blast from the Past (2016)
Danny learns that a crew who robs pro athletes has struck again in Brooklyn and goes to talk to the victim but a detective from Brooklyn says this is his case. And the guy turns out to be Baez's ex. Jamie comes across a girl from Mexico who says her bag was stolen and in the bag is a family heirloom. Jamie reports it and the detective says he'll do his best but he has other cases. The girl approaches Jamie and says she needs it in a few days for her sister's wedding. Jamie offers to look into it. Frank learns that a cop who accidentally shot a boy 14 years ago is being considered for promotion and knows that when word of it goes out there will be backlash.
540.	Blue Bloods (2010 TV Series)
Episode: Most Wanted (2014)
A dangerous man whom the NYPD has been trying to nail, just assaulted a man over a parking space. Danny goes to see the man he assaulted and he says he will testify against him but when he goes to pick him out of a lineup he backs out claiming the man is threatening his family. Danny tries to find someone who is willing to testify or some other evidence. Garrett tells Frank that there's a warrant for the man in another country and he thinks it would be best to let them have him. But Frank doesn't agree. Erin who's prosecuting the man goes up against a former law schoolmate who offers her a job at her firm.
541.	Blue Bloods (2010 TV Series)
Episode: Privilege (2010)
Although initially skeptical, eager beaver Jamie proves a quick student again when his laid-back beat cop mentor claims simple observation is about the best tool to catch criminals. The third of three NYU campus rape victims hands enough evidence for Danny to make Argentinian deputy consul Claudio Calso's son Sebastian, a college buddy of her fiance Blake Woods, his prime suspect. Diplomatic immunity isn't waved, which remains a problem even after Frank sneakily gets inadmissible DNA evidence.
542.	Blue Bloods (2010 TV Series)
Episode: Pilot (2010)
Harvard Law School graduate Jamie Reagan's family, patriarch grandfather Henry's cop dynasty, proudly attends his graduation from the New York police academy, presided over by his father, chief commissioner Frank Reagan. Jamie's brother, Iraq veteran Danny Reagan, cleverly makes the best of his sole clue, a prototype doll, to find and liberate kidnapped Latino girl Teresa Campos. Alas, Danny blatantly breaks procedure, violating prime suspect Donald Banse's rights. A conviction thus seems impossible to obtain for sister Erin, in the D.A.'s office, unless new, non-poisoned evidence can be obtained. Jamie is approached by FBI agents to succeed his late brother as secret informer on the Blue Templars, a legendary NYPD vigilante order.
543.	Blue Bloods (2010 TV Series)
Episode: Risk and Reward (2012)
Jamie agrees to celebrate Henry's 60 years since police graduation by taking him along on patrol for two days, but isn't amused when grandpa gangs up with partner Vinny to promote a hard hard in handling domestic trouble between the sibling heirs of pizza restaurant Salducci's, and proves his smart way works best. Malaysian drug cartel lord Omar Sayid demands the release of his brother Abdul, who runs their American branch, in exchanged for recently decorated NYPD undercover officer Bobby Mulrow, who helped CIA and Malaysian authorities fight the terrorism-linked cartel. Frank refuses to negotiate with terrorists, so he orders Danny and Sam Croft to find the hostage cop before he's executed as many before him.
544.	Beauty and the Beast (2012 TV Series)
Episode: Hothead (2013)
FBI agent Bob Reynolds uses Muirfuild beast Eddie Long to eliminate people by arson, causing a terrifying wave of fires. Realizing it best takes a beast to beat one, Gabe seeks Vincent's help. They and Cat work with the fire department investigators, the junior of which triggers Vince's memory: it's Aaron Keller, the son of his killed big brother William, whose temper and zeal put him in great danger.
545.	Beauty and the Beast (2012 TV Series)
Episode: Basic Instinct (2012)
Vincent greatly enjoys the savior satisfaction of rushing an adolescent knave to hospital just in time to be saved in ER. Yet, given the danger he feels to represent for his environment, he chooses to leave his lair and confront Muirfuild. The corporation's man in charge fails to pressure Cath into betraying him for 'safe lockup', although evidence of his experimental detail's Vietnam massacres makes her doubt. Vince proves to remain her best ally, even after transforming. Evan meanwhile painstakingly prepares his lab to pass an inspector's muster.
546.	American Beauty (1999)
Lester Burnham is suffering a mid-life crisis that affects the lives of members of his family, which is made up of his super bitch of a wife, Carolyn and rebelling daughter Jane, who hates him. Carolyn is a real estate agent, a little too wrapped up in her job, who takes on an affair with business rival Buddy Kane. Meanwhile Jane seems to fall in love with Ricky Fitts, the strange boy next door, who is a drug dealer/documentarian and lives under a roof governed by a very strict marine father and a speechless mother. Lester's mid-life crisis causes him to drastically change his life around when he quits his job and works at a fast food restaurant. He starts working out to gain the attention of Angela (a friend of Jane's) who brags about her sexual exploits every weekend. Lives change and not for the best.
547.	Ripper Street (2012 TV Series)
Episode: Ashes and Diamonds (2014)
Whilst giving a performance for bereaved train wreck relatives fake psychic Alex Le Cheyne drops down dead on stage, poisoned. In the absence of Reid, who has disappeared, Drake interviews the dead man's girlfriend Juniper Kohl and discovers that his jealous assistant Ezra Marvell stood to gain from his death whilst Jackson believes that his client, widowed Mrs Wakefield, also had the means and motive for murder. Furthermore Juniper was about to leave Alex for Mrs Wakefield's far from dead husband. Drake solves the murder but then finds himself faced with two more. Best approaches Jackson with evidence to link Susan to the robbery whilst Rose discovers that the little girl Susan said was dead is very much alive and is Reid's daughter Mathilda. He goes to find Reid to tell him but in the meantime Mathilda runs away.
548.	Ripper Street (2012 TV Series)
Episode: Heavy Boots (2014)
As Reid lies in a coma a protection gang led by orphaned brothers Teddy and Walter Shipman are intimidating landlords who will not buy from their brewery but Teddy is ailing and the more ruthless Walter, anxious to take over the gang, defies his brother by murdering two of the landlords. When Teddy finds out he beats his brother up, attracting the attention of young constable Grace, who links the Shipmans to the brewery, leading to Teddy's arrest. However Walter abducts Grace and Drake needs the help of Teddy and his girlfriend Lily to save his colleague. Meanwhile Fred Best interviews Susan for his paper but she denies any knowledge of what happened to the stolen money whilst Reid wakes up from his coma.
With Reid in a coma both Drake and Jackson are grieving the loss of their friend, who they are sure will not recover from his wounds. Chief Inspector Fred Abberline shakes them up a bit and gets them back at work. Their immediate interest is the death of a publican whose establishment was ransacked in the process. The subsequent riot destroyed much of the property on the same street. They soon trace the action to two brothers, Teddy and Walter Shipman, brewery workers who have taken an interest in promoting their brewery's products. Meanwhile, journalist Fred Best continues to press Long Susan for information about the missing bonds.
549.	Ripper Street (2012 TV Series)
Episode: The Beating of Her Wings (2014)
Capshaw and his thuggish collector Kendrick arrive to evict shop-keeper Horace Buckley and his wife Clara for rent arrears though in the resultant struggle Clara is killed. Buckley flees but Capshaw discovers a little girl, Alice, seemingly imprisoned in the cellar and takes her to Susan, who gets Dr Amelia Frayn to tend her, learning that she is happy with the Buckleys. An eye witness places Kendrick at the shop, leading Reid to Capshaw, who denies any involvement but when Reid tracks Buckley down at Susan's Susan tells him that the girl died. Reid then makes a terrible discovery, which turns him into a killer whilst at the same time Fred Best, bereaved in the train crash tells the police that he has discovered what the robbers were after.
550.	Ripper Street (2012 TV Series)
Episode: Your Father. My Friend (2014)
Drake discovers a dirty, dishevelled Reid hiding in a Margate beach hut and informs him that nobody else saw him kill Buckley and that Mathilda is alive. They return to Whitechapel and eventually locate Mathilda at a brothel, where she had been taken by teen-aged pimp Harry Ward. Reid is reunited with his daughter but Dr Frayn tells him she has reason to believe Mathilda saw Jack the Ripper murder two of his victims. Suspicious of Capshaw's part in the train robbery Fred Best shadows him and produces evidence to show that the stolen money belonged to Susan's father - which he gives to Jackson. Jackson confronts Susan but believes she is innocent and points Reid towards Capshaw but before he can arrest the solicitor Susan shoots him and then kills Capshaw, making it look as if they shot each other in self defence.
Mathilda is roaming the streets looking for a series of specific addresses. She runs into a young hustler, Harry Ward, who takes her to a rooming house where he intends to sell her out to some of his customers. Having learned from Rose that she saw Mathilda alive and well, Drake finds Reid and they set off to find the girl. They can't quite seem to catch up with until Reid recognizes the pattern in her ramblings - she's following the path of several of Jack the Ripper's victims based on information he had acquired during the investigation many years before. Meanwhile, Fred Best finds definitive proof of Ronald Capshaw's involvement in the train robbery and Reid sets out to make the arrest.
551.	Ripper Street (2012 TV Series)
Episode: I Need Light (2012)
Whitechapel,1889. It is some months since Jack the Ripper last struck but, when another young woman is found slain with 'Down on Whores' daubed on a nearby wall, the supposition is that he has returned. Tough inspector Reid,however,forces journalist Fred Best to confess he added the paintwork to perpetuate interest in the Ripper. American police doctor Jackson agrees that this is a different murderer and,through his friendship with brothel keeper Long Susan,finds that the victim,Maude Thwaites,was a married woman who posed for pornographic photos to support her unemployed husband Christian. Reid and his sergeant,Drake,save Christian from intruders but he later kills himself. Surviving an attempt on their lives Reid,Jackson and Drake are given a lead which takes them to their murderer - a man with an unhealthy interest in photography.
552.	Ripper Street (2012 TV Series)
Episode: The Peace of Edmund Reid (2014)
American journalist Ralph Ackerman comes to Whitechapel on the trail of Swift, whose corruption he exposed in the States, but Swift catches and kills him. Swift reveals that he is dealing in arms sales to anti-Imperialists. From Best's research the police deduce that the stolen money was Swift's which he was illegally moving to England but they can find no trace of it. Jackson however finds evidence of Swift's guilt on Ackerman's body and tells Susan he knows she shot Reid but she stops him from going to the police by announcing that she is pregnant with his child. A suspicious Drake arrests Jackson and the truth comes out.
DI Reid and DI Drake investigate the murder of journalist Ralph Ackerman, an American who was investigating Long Susan's father, Theodore Swift. Ackerman had been investigating Swift in the US and although he was obviously killed by a gunshot to the head, it was clear he was tortured before he died. He had also been seen having dinner with Fred Best. Swift was facing accusations of bribery and it soon becomes obvious to Reid and Drake that the bearer bonds in the train crash belonged to him. Meanwhile, Jackson has been checking on the fingerprints he found on the gun used to shoot Reid and it leads him directly to Susan.
553.	Ripper Street (2012 TV Series)
Episode: A Man of My Company (2013)
Millionaire shipping magnate Theodore Swift arrives from America with an armed bodyguard of Pinkerton detectives,to buy out the ailing Argentine Marine shipping line. Reid sees it as no accident that the body of Samuel Fanthorpe,the engineer who has designed a revolutionary engine which will save the company,is fished from the docks. At the same time journalist Fred Best finds out that Jackson is actually Matthew Judge,a renegade Pinkertoon officer,who abducted Swift's daughter and killed a man in the resultant shoot-out. Frank Goodnight,Swift's chief bodyguard,is out for revenge. Following a raid on the brothel and the disappearance of Fanthorpe's wife Reid discovers the double purpose of the Americans' visit,leading to an opportunity for Jackson to find redemption.
554.	Mean Girls (2004)
Her parents being zoologists, homeschooled Cady Heron lived in Africa for 15 years. Attending a Chicago public high school for the first time, she starts out by befriending the "best people you will meet", Janis, a supposedly lesbian girl; and Damian, a boy "too gay to function". Cady is warned to avoid the "worst people you will ever meet", the Plastics--a clique comprised of three girls: Gretchen Wieners, a girl who's rich because her father invented toaster strudel; Karen Smith, the "dumbest girl you will ever meet"; and Regina George, the unofficial leader and the meanest one. She becomes a hit with the Plastics and eventually assimilates into the clique, only for Janis to ask her sabotage them. After conflicts involving Regina's ex-boyfriend, Aaron Samuels, Cady later becomes tied between being part of them or sabotaging them. Whilst eventually becoming one, she sabotages them. She tricks Regina into eating fattening candy bars that she claims will make her skinny, tries to break her and Samuel up, and tries to turn her fellow Plastics, Karen and Gretchen against her. Will she be caught? Will she become too Plastic and become the fourth Plastic?
555.	Empire (2015 TV Series)
Episode: Game On (2015)
Executive Producers Lee Daniels, Danny Strong and Ilene Chaiken share an inside look at EMPIRE, the hit show that took America by storm. Learn more from the people who know best how this series turned into what critics have called "A Game Changer " and wh
Executive Producers Lee Daniels, Danny Strong and Ilene Chaiken share an inside look at EMPIRE, the hit show that took America by storm. This Special takes a look at EMPIRE's critical acclaim, ratings success, social media fan-demonium, as well as the show's impact on the music industry. Learn more from the people who know best how this series turned into what critics have called "A Game Changer " and where it's going in season two.
556.	Elementary (2012 TV Series)
Episode: Pilot (2012)
NYPD detective Javier Abreu is delighted to have his weird English friend Sherlock Holmes on the case of robbery-victim Dr. Richard Mantlo's apparently missing wife, whom Sherlock finds slaughtered in a safe room she has installed secretly. Sherlock, recently out of drug rehab, makes the best of 'buddy' nurse Joan Watson, hired by his wealthy London father, actually a disbarred surgeon whose people skills he can use. Sherlock quickly proves it's the work of a trophy-hunting serial killer, but finds his prime suspect the next victim.
557.	Freaks and Geeks (1999 TV Series)
Episode: We've Got Spirit (2000)
Sam tries out to be the school mascot hoping to impress Cindy. Meanwhile, Daniel, Ken, and Kim suddenly become the basketball team's most rabid fans following a series of run-ins with jocks from the rival school, Lincoln High. Lindsay tries to figure out the best way to break up with Nick.
558.	Silicon Valley (2014 TV Series)
Episode: The Cap Table (2014)
When asked by Peter Gregory for a business plan, Richard doesn't know what to do. Luckily, an employee that works for Gavin Belson, asks to work for Richard and his company Pied Piper, he accepts. While the employee, Jared, is working their, each person of the crew is asked on what they contribute to the group and problems arise. Meanwhile, his best friend Big Head warns him the people down at his last job, Hooli, are taking apart his algorithm.
559.	Last Man Standing (2011 TV Series)
Episode: The Big Sleepover (2015)
When Eve tells the family her annoying best friend Cammy needs to move in with them, Mike springs into action to find a way to hand Cammy off on someone else, namely the Larabees. Meanwhile, Kristin asks Mandy to design the new uniforms for the Outdoor Man Grill, but they clash over Mandy's creative process.
560.	Forrest Gump (1994)
Forrest Gump is a simple man with a low I.Q. but good intentions. He is running through childhood with his best and only friend Jenny. His 'mama' teaches him the ways of life and leaves him to choose his destiny. Forrest joins the army for service in Vietnam, finding new friends called Dan and Bubba, he wins medals, creates a famous shrimp fishing fleet, inspires people to jog, starts a ping-pong craze, creates the smiley, writes bumper stickers and songs, donates to people and meets the president several times. However, this is all irrelevant to Forrest who can only think of his childhood sweetheart Jenny Curran, who has messed up her life. Although in the end all he wants to prove is that anyone can love anyone.
A simple-minded but kind-hearted Alabama boy grows up with his best friend - a beautiful girl called Jenny. He succeeds in life through a mixture of luck and destiny and thus influences and is present at some of the most important events in the second half of the 20th century. Throughout his life he is told by other characters what life is about and whether it's all random or destined to happen, but he comes to his own conclusion towards the end.
561.	Charmed (1998 TV Series)
Episode: Size Matters (2001)
Piper hires in a trial basis the best club promoter in San Francisco, Treat Taylor, as the manager of P3. He changes the visual, the style and the name of the place to "The Spot". Meanwhile, Paige meets Piper and Phoebe and tells them that she shivers when she passes by an old house where her acquaintance Finn lives. Piper does not pay attention to Paige, but later Leo accepts her ideas and Phoebe decides to visit the address alone. She is shrank and covered with clay by the demon Gammill, the Collector, who shrinks the women for his collection. When Paige and Piper are also reduced and the power of three becomes ineffective, the sisters are in a real dangerous situation.
562.	Charmed (1998 TV Series)
Episode: Secrets and Guys (1999)
When the young witch Max is kidnapped by two thieves to use his power to heist a bank, he communicates with Prue through a Ouija Board, and she helps the boy. Meanwhile, Piper is having trouble with the new chef of Quake, and the handyman Leo returns to help the Halliwell sisters to fix the chandelier. When Phoebe sees him floating in the air, he discloses that he is a Whitelighter, the guardian of good witches assigned to protect the Halliwell sisters, and he was not allowed to fall in love for a witch as he did for Piper. He asks Phoebe to keep the secret, while he tries to find the best way to end his relationship with Piper.
563.	Charmed (1998 TV Series)
Episode: The Importance of Being Phoebe (2003)
Cole, who is getting a grip on the underworld, sees to it that Phoebe is sued, likely to get her fired; further he makes demon Dex cause Paige to have a car accident and be arrested for hit and run, while he wants only demonic stripper Kaya (a 'Kiran') as entertainment, because she can change her appearance into Phoebe's. A health inspector is to shut P3 down; a rat means the best deal is closing down for weeks. When the real Phoebe caches Cole kissing transformed Kaia, she's locked up and replaced by Kaia, who convinces Piper to take (the real) Phoebe's powers away "while she's under Cole's influence". Cole explains to Phoebe his plan is to get to the Shadow in the nexus under the Halliwell manor, as security for Paige's bond...
564.	Charmed (1998 TV Series)
Episode: The Demon Who Came in from the Cold (2001)
Cole, he was determined to let Phoebe try to bind his powers, changes his mind when he sees her vanquish a demon he declares was his brother, i.e. member of an ancient high-level demonic brotherhood. As they are clearly after the Charmed Ones, he feels their best chance is when he pretends to rejoin them, but is received by the survivors with deep mistrust, so a complex game of guessing and pretending unfolds while he finds out and sabotages their plans and the sisters doubt whether they should keep helping him or can't trust him not to turn evil again...
565.	Young & Hungry (2014 TV Series)
Feisty young food blogger Gabi is desperate for a job. When she finds out wealthy tech entrepreneur Josh needs a personal chef, she wants the position. But Gabi must prove herself to Josh's aide, Elliot, who would rather have his boss hire a famous chef. Gabi gets help from best friend Sofia and Josh's housekeeper, Yolanda, in order to turn the opportunity into employment ... and maybe love.
566.	Young & Hungry (2014 TV Series)
Episode: Young & Cookin' (2015)
Gabi wonders if her job is in jeopardy when she learns Josh has a new woman in his life that loves to cook for him. When Josh doesn't ask Gabi to be the chef for an important client dinner, Gabi decides a "cook-off" is the best way to keep her job. Meanwhile, Yolanda makes a date with the building window washer.
567.	Spider-Man (2002)
A rather odd thing has just occurred in the life of nerdy high school student Peter Parker: after being bitten by a genetically modified spider, his body chemistry is altered mutagenically. He can now scale walls and ceilings, he has superhuman strength and super-fast reflexes, and he develops a precognitive sense that warns him of approaching danger. Adopting the name Spider-Man, Peter first uses his newfound powers to make money, but after his uncle is murdered at the hands of a criminal Peter failed to stop, he swears to use his powers to fight the evil that killed his uncle. At the same time, scientist and businessman Norman Osborn, after exposure to an experimental nerve gas, develops an alternate personality himself: the super-strong, psychotic Green Goblin! Peter Parker must now juggle three things in his life: his new job at a local newspaper under a perpetually on-edge employer, his battle against the evil Green Goblin, and his fight to win the affections of beautiful classmate Mary Jane Watson, against none other than his best friend Harry Osborn, son of Norman Osborn! Is this challenge too much for even the Amazing Spider-Man to handle?
568.	Requiem for a Dream (2000)
Pills and heroin offer fulfillment of the dreams of four residents of Brooklyn's Brighton Beach in the shadow of a crumbling Coney Island amusement park. Sara dreams of appearing on television wearing a red dress that's a bit snug. So she starts a diet assisted by uppers. Her son Harry, his girlfriend Marion, and his best friend Tyrone pin their hopes for money on moving up from pushing nickel bags of heroin to buying in bulk. They also deal to support their growing habits. Things are going well: Harry buys his mom a new TV, she's losing weight, she has status among her friends, Tyrone's girlfriend is cool, and the team has money in a shoe box. These dreams are addictive.
569.	Pacific Rim (2013)
When giant lizard like creatures come out of the ocean and attack every city killing millions, all the nations come together and build giant robots called Jaegers. They are piloted by two individuals who are linked up to them mentally. While they are able to defeat the creatures whom they call Kaijus, eventually they adapt and even the Jaegers can't stop them. So all the heads of the nations decide to stop the program and to try other tactics. But Pentecost the man in charge of the Jaeger program decide to continue the program. He recruits Raleigh Becket a former Jaeger pilot who left after his co-pilot who's also his brother died. He tries to find a compatible co-pilot and when he finds no one, he gives Pentecost's assistant, a girl named Mako a chance. And when she proves to be the best, he wants her but Pentecost doesn't think she's ready. And when they try to hook up with their Jaeger, he sees what she's been through, which is what Pentecost was worried about. In the meantime, one of the scientists working on how to defeat the Kaijus thinks he found a way but he needs an actual Kaiju brain so Pentecost sends him to see a man who uses Kaiju remains to make a profit, so that he could get a Kaiju brain.
570.	Nashville (2012 TV Series)
Episode: I Feel Sorry for Me (2014)
Rayna goes after Sadie Stone as a new artist to sign to her record label Highway 65. Juliette continues to try her best at hiding her pregnancy but when she starts to have stomach pains and mood swings, she has to let down her wall. Later, an assertive and sultry backup singer takes a liking to Deacon but his down in the dumps attitude does nothing but shut her out.
571.	Nashville (2012 TV Series)
Episode: I Fall to Pieces (2013)
The accident leaves Rayna in a coma. Deacon takes the blame for the accident and is sent to jail, but a fierce lawyer is set to find out the truth. Juliette decides to make the best out of the situation for herself. Gunnar moves together with Will while Scarlett prepares for her record deal.
572.	Nashville (2012 TV Series)
Episode: We've Got Things to Do (2014)
Juliette has a design on how she would like to announce her new deal with Highway 65, however, Rayna has a calculated roll out plan in mind. Juliette's emotions get the best of her at a label party when she starts to feel that she is being upstaged by Rayna's up-and-coming talent. Will offers Deacon an opportunity of a lifetime though he finds the excitement short-lived after noticing Megan's strange behavior. Teddy is at odds with Maddie when he finds out she is fixated with her music, and Will is concerned about his past catching up with him so he makes Layla an offer she can't refuse.
573.	Sex and the City (1998 TV Series)
Episode: Sex and the Country (2001)
When Miranda learns Steve has testicular cancer, she gives him a 'kick in the balls' about taking it serious and then feels guilty, but he ends up thanking her for making him get the best possible care. Samantha can have orgasms again but freaks out every time a date asks about her plans for the weekend, so she accepts when Carrie begs her to come to Aidan's wood cabin up state where city girls feel stranded; Sam quickly focuses on hunky farmer Luke, Carrie crashes in front of Aidan. Charlotte is in the McDougals posh Connecticut country house where mother in law Bunny nurses orchids and sits at Trey's bath planning her still hypothetical grandchild's future, just when Charlotte's meticulous fertility planning dictates using Trey's saved up seed...
574.	Sex and the City (1998 TV Series)
Episode: Models and Mortals (1998)
Miranda discovers she was invited at Nick's, where all guests are asked with which movie star in the prime they would have loved to do it, to make a change with all those brainless models he keeps dating. The girlfriends see models as a living nightmare as those terribly demanded competitors actually walk around in Manhattan, giving them socially imposed inferiority complexes, except man-eater Sam. Carrie's friend poor painter Barkley, a serial 'modelizer', treats models as things and secretly videotapes his sex with them; Sam sees him as a challenge for her as superior non-model, and even insists to be taped. Stanford introduces Carrie to his friend and best client, gorgeous underwear-model Derek 'The Bone', who actually asks to stay the night with her and is even more shy and lonely then mortals who crave models, wanting to become a cop in his Iowa home town.
575.	Sex and the City (1998 TV Series)
Episode: The Chicken Dance (1999)
When Miranda's friend Jeremy Fields, a reporter in London who is often flirtatious in their e-emails, visits New York Miranda is happy to put him up - however he proves more flirtatious with a local friend of hers who just decorated her apartment, and at the farewell party she throws for him even announces their upcoming wedding! The friends have mixed feelings being invited, three of them rather commandeered in various capacities. Miranda feels the invisible woman, 'in charge' of the self-explicative guest-book; Sam feels her Manhattan life is ending when she realizes she slept with a man she already had some 15 years ago; Carrie goes from a high when Mr. Big accepts to accompany her to the wedding to hear her requested occasional poem to a low when he declines signing the card with their wedding gift and leaves during her recitation for a business call; bridesmaid Charlotte is tickled pink she finally may choose herself a gorgeous dress and team up with eligible best man Martin Healy, but when he actually presents her to his parents...
576.	Sex and the City (1998 TV Series)
Episode: The Turtle and the Hare (1998)
Carrie is presented to Stanford Blatch's adored, classy grandmother, but comes to the conclusion his being gay cancels all his qualities on her bottom line and probably in her last will. Miranda is losing her self-respect after many rejections, but turns to blind dating - just to walk out on the first man who's still willing to give it a go when they meet. Samantha tries everything to turn Bernie Turtletaub, a Wall street guru but society laughing stock with viciously bad breath the girls met at the "singles" table at a posh wedding, into a fashionable date, but can even the best PR expert's make-over make up for his intrinsic lack of charm?
577.	Sex and the City (1998 TV Series)
Episode: The Real Me (2001)
While Carrie and Stanford hang out at the bar of Brasserie 8 1/2 in midtown Manhattan, they run into Lynn Cameron, an old friend, who is producing a NY fashion show featuring real models and famous New Yorkers as models. She insists Carrie model in the show for her. Meanwhile, Miranda can't believe it when hunky guy at her gym asks her out on a date, telling her he thinks she's sexy. Samantha is trying to get ready to pose for nude photos, sticking to a healthy, organic diet. She says she wants to remember her body as it is before everything goes south. Charlotte has to make a trip to her gynecologist because, as it turns out, her vagina is "depressed." Her doctor gives her anti-depressants and tells her to keep a vagina journal. Later, she sets up Stanford with her old wedding stylist, Anthony Marantino, for Carrie's big day as a model. When he had asked her about Stanford on the phone, Charlotte described him as a young Ed Harris. When Anthony sees Stanford at the fashion show, he is not happy, and he takes off. Carrie is backstage at the fashion show, thinking she's going to wear a beautiful blue sequined dress by Dolce & Gabbana. Backstage, the designer (played by Alan Cumming) says there has been a change of plans. She's now wearing a pair of jeweled panties. Carrie freaks out. He says not to worry, there's also a great blue jacket with it. Carrie's not sure she can go on stage like this. She asks Samantha to comeback stage to tell her honestly how she looks. She tells her she's a model and she looks fabulous. Carrie goes on stage and promptly falls in her stiletto heels. Heidi Klum follows her down in the runway, and Stanford exclaims, "Oh my God! She's fashion roadkill!". Carrie can't do much else besides get up and laugh it off and flash her best smile. Her courage to get back up inspires her friends to face their fears as well.
578.	Sex and the City (1998 TV Series)
Episode: Sex and the City (1998)
Columnist Carrie Bradshaw introduces her narrative style by a short story about a British girl who thought the Manhattan manner would be the same. Characters and extras on screen do some of the philosophizing about modern sex life and the life of both sexes she usually does off-screen in her column-style. Among the main cast of four best friends, PR executive Samantha bluntly stands for sex without relational crap, golden spoon-WASP Charlotte for the fairy tale-romantic ideal, while sensitive flirt Carrie herself and stuck-up pragmatic lawyer Miranda seek a middle way; meanwhile gay talent agent Stanford Blatch provides a twisted mirror image. Carrie enjoys using hunk Kurt just for her sexual gratification for a change, then the quartet jumps on the dating game carousel, which never stops in the series.
Carrie writes a column called Sex and The City. She introduces us to her best friends. Charlotte York is an art dealer who firmly believes in love and marriage. Samantha Jones, the owner of a PR firm, believes in having sex like a man with no commitment or complications. Miranda Hobbes, a lawyer, thinks that women should stop obsessing with men because they can be everything men can be, and sometimes better. Carrie is introduced to Mr. Big, the next Donald Trump and younger, by Samantha who unsuccessfully hits on him.
579.	Sex and the City (1998 TV Series)
Episode: I Love a Charade (2002)
The girls have a all with entertainer Bobby Fine, but are baffled when the ever presumed homo announces his marriage to society lady Bitsy von Muffling. Charlotte announces her improbable relationship with her all but classy Jewish lawyer 'hairy' Harry, with the best sex ever, and decides to go to the wedding with him. First Samantha invites the girls and many guests to Richard's villa in the Hamptons, but finds her host-skills more challenged then expected, notably by some young girls who claim Richards standing invitation to use his pool. At the marriage just about everybody plays some charade, or is supposed to- even Stanfords super-hunky lover Marcus no longer does him in bed.
580.	Sex and the City (1998 TV Series)
Episode: Catch-38 (2004)
Carrie feels extremely welcome with Aleksandr when he spontaneously gives her keys and even the alarm code, which she can't remember. When the girls hear Miranda and Steve are going on a a honeymoon - according to Sam, 'sex with room service' - they offer to babysit Brady. The first watch goes to Carrie, who thus finds out Aleksandr has had a 22-year daughter in Paris and neither wants nor can sire another; Charlotte has him next, and panics when the baby sees her intimate with Harry. When Samantha's male gynecologist sort of suggests her childlessness contributed to her cancer-risk, she walks out indignant. Samantha finds his best-reputed female colleague is booked for months, no matter who she knows, so she keeps waiting until the receptionist sees in a magazine that Jared Smith is her boyfriend.
581.	Fleabag (2016 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.2 (2016)
Haunted by memories of her dead best friend, dumped by her emotionally fragile boyfriend, and now desperately trying to sell the stolen statue to Claire's husband Martin - a man who would like to be unfaithful with her - Fleabag attempts to rekindle romantic fires with the man who prefers a rear entry to distract her from the mayhem of her life.
582.	Bob's Burgers (2011 TV Series)
Episode: Bob Rest Ye Merry Gentle-Mannequins (2012)
Uncle Ernie died and bequeathed Bob a storage unit. Before the mall, Uncle Ernie owned Lombard's Department Store. In the storage unit, the Belchers find Chet, a former fixture at Lombard's. In the spirit of Christmas, Bob invites Chet to stay in their basement. Chet does what he knows best to repay their hospitality. Nobody sells an antique watch or cuts their beautiful hair, but the three Belcher Magi embody the spirit of O. Henry; their sacrifice makes a very Merry Christmas for all.
583.	Bob's Burgers (2011 TV Series)
Episode: Father of the Bob (2014)
It is Christmas Eve. Linda sings. The Belcher kids send out their annual prayers to Santa. Teddy is attending Midnight Basketball or Midnight Mass. And Linda sings. She primes the family for Big Bob's holiday party: Christmas Magic! Bob only agrees to attend if he can observe the 15:00 Rule. Gene likens it to speed dating with your dad. At Big Bob's Diner, Pete is Santa Claus and his bar next door is stronger and gayer than ever. The kids need a present for Bob. Linda finagles Bob into the kitchen with Big Bob. The kids love their Pop Pop and his well-oiled wallet, but they really need his basement. As tempers flare, recipes fly and boots glide, the kids accidentally give their father the best gift ever.
584.	Bob's Burgers (2011 TV Series)
Episode: Presto-Tina-O (2014)
There is a contest for young magicians during "Festival of Magic" at the Wharf's Art Center; first place prize is $500. Bob offers 1/2 off for all magicians and meets the quirky theatric, Mars Sazerac. Louise feels a calling, like to the priesthood. Bob makes Sazerac and the other magicians angry. Tina offers to be Jimmy Jr.'s magic assistant but is disappointed when his act is 90% dancing and 10% magic. Tina spends her own money to beef up the magic portion of his act; Jimmy Jr. fires Tina and asks Tammy Larson to be his new assistant. So, Tina decides to be a magician on her own. Revenge is a dish best served cold: who will be partaking of this delicacy?
585.	Bob's Burgers (2011 TV Series)
Episode: Adventures in Chinchilla-sitting (2015)
It's Date Night and Bob half-asses it again at Stoolz. Tina is babysitting and Louise has temporary custody of Princess Little Piddles, Miss Labonza's 4th grade class pet chinchilla, over the objections of her classmate, Wayne. When the little guy beats feet, Jonas the Delivery Boy scoops and Tammy triangulates. Gene delivers pizza and the two Ts gain entre to their first real teen party. Tracking leads to the skating rink...and the dreaded whip. Who should exercise full domiciliary custody of PLP? Louise tries a courtroom standard, BIOC: Best Interest of Chinchilla.
586.	Bob's Burgers (2011 TV Series)
Episode: The Frond Files (2014)
It is "Why I Love Wagstaff" night and each child wrote a creative composition for the school to display. But, Linda and Bob are confused: where are THEIR children's essays and why is Mr. Frond trying to hide from them? It turns out Mr. Frond thinks the Belcher kids are too creative. Louise's fantasy fiction is clearly the story to end (terminate?) all stories, strongly influenced by artiste, James Cameron. As one would expect, Gene writes a techno music "tale" with shades of Herbert Ross, but, alas, he did not name it Buttloose. Tina sticks to her best genre: erotic friend fiction (with a zombie component) a la H.P. Lovecraft. Tina's work poses a startling question for our time: Just because we CAN cure jock itch, does that automatically mean we SHOULD cure jock itch? Bob and Linda learn the real reason Mr. Frond will not display their kids' work: Art imitates life. Mr. Frond is the villain in each one of their stories!
587.	Bob's Burgers (2011 TV Series)
Episode: An Indecent Thanksgiving Proposal (2012)
Sexy old sharpshooter, Shelby Schnabel, is a magnate magnet and home wrecker; she is the love of Calvin Fischoeder's life. In exchange for five (5) months rent, Linda and kids agree to pose as the Fischoeder family so Shelby can wreck it... and Calvin can get some "wabba wabba." Fisch Dad gives arcade tickets in the category of best performance by child actor as Bob is relegated to the kitchen to cook dinner. Louise is figuratively racking up tickets. Bob drinks absinthe with Lance and pines away for his family and favorite holiday... until the lead starts leaping!
588.	Bob's Burgers (2011 TV Series)
Episode: Best Burger (2014)
Chuck Charles is emcee of Wharf It Down Food Festival and the new 1st annual Best Burger Contest. Bob and Linda broke the cardinal Don't Enter Things While Drunk rule and now, Bob is a contestant with the famous Skip Marooch (he has a book) and Jimmy Pesto. There is a clock and time is of the essence. But, Gene forgot to pack Bob's big ingredient, black garlic and the kids must storm 'Fig Jam' to liberate a replacement. Is Linda correct: did Bob set himself up to fail? Can Gene keep it together, ignoring all the food distractions, in time to redeem a faux for his pa?
589.	Bob's Burgers (2011 TV Series)
Episode: Carpe Museum (2013)
It is Bob's first time as parent volunteer for the Wagstaff Field Trip to the Museum of Natural History. With a UFMWD (United Federation Museum Workers & Docents) strike, the museum has only 1/8 of its staff and the Amazon Room is closed. Louise's trip buddy is Regular Sized Rudy; as long as he uses his inhaler every 2 hours, he can live. Linda misses her family and gets caught up in chanting on the UFMWD picket line. Tina and her trip buddy share an amazing discovery and if Mr. Frond's mother does not answer the phone, Museum Lady may see some action. Is almost dying the best part of living? Bob gets an unexpected present.
590.	Bob's Burgers (2011 TV Series)
Episode: The Runway Club (2015)
"Don't YOU love cotton can-DY...?" The Belcher children, Tammy, Jimmy Jr., Zeke and Jocelyn get Saturday detention for a glitter bracelet/school fire alarm fracas. Unfortunately, detention is the same day as the Cotton Candy Festival at Wonder Wharf. Bob tries to avoid a magazine slash turtle camp scam, but Linda feels sorry for salesgirl, Sally. Mr. Frond wants to go from sweater mess to sweater best, challenging the kids to rehabilitate: "Scared Fabulous" style. The winners get to leave detention early. Bob finds a silver lining when he helps Sally and her mentor, Trish, turn the screws to Jimmy Pesto.
591.	Inside Out (2015)
Growing up can be a bumpy road, and it's no exception for Riley, who is uprooted from her Midwest life when her father starts a new job in San Francisco. Like all of us, Riley is guided by her emotions - Joy, Fear, Anger, Disgust and Sadness. The emotions live in Headquarters, the control center inside Riley's mind, where they help advise her through everyday life. As Riley and her emotions struggle to adjust to a new life in San Francisco, turmoil ensues in Headquarters. Although Joy, Riley's main and most important emotion, tries to keep things positive, the emotions conflict on how best to navigate a new city, house and school.
592.	Parenthood (2010 TV Series)
Episode: All That's Left Is the Hugging (2013)
Amber (Mae Whitman) addresses Ryan (Matt Lauria) about his issues with her hanging out with the band and struggles on whether or not to lean on Sarah (Lauren Graham) for support. Drew (Miles Heizer) asks his uncle Crosby (Dax Shepard) for advice on girls. Meanwhile, Julia (Erika Christensen) and Joel (Sam Jaeger) put their best foot forward for their family's sake and Adam (Peter Krause) shows his support for his wife Kristina (Monica Potter).
593.	Parenthood (2010 TV Series)
Episode: The Deep End of the Pool (2010)
After Max gets kicked out of school, Adam and Kristina explore the best educational options for their son. Sarah hits a wall when she ends things with Jim and succumbs to car problems. Meanwhile, Crosby spends a fun-filled day with Jabbar and Julia realizes that she's missing out on her daughter's life.
594.	Parenthood (2010 TV Series)
Episode: Date Night (2010)
Kristina learns some alarming statistics about the divorce rate of parents living with autistic children and as a result schedules a date night with Adam to keep their marriage alive. Meanwhile, Sarah sees Drew with a girl and offers him unsolicited love advice. Haddie runs for student council president and enlists her family's help with her campaign. Crosby's behavior gets the best of him and he learns an important lesson about being a father.
595.	Murder, She Wrote (1984 TV Series)
Jessica Beatrice MacGill Fletcher is a former high school English teacher who takes up writing mystery novels as a way of helping her cope with the sudden passing of her husband Frank. Frank's nephew Grady, who was raised by the Fletcher's following the death of his parents, finds one of Jessica's novels and submits it to a publisher behind her back. Not only does the novel get published, but it becomes a best seller. Soon Jessica becomes an international celebrity and travels throughout the United States and the world promoting her novels. However, she also displays a knack for solving murders and becomes a well respected amateur criminologist. She often solves crimes with the aid of her friends Dr. Seth Hazlitt and Sheriff Amos Tupper (and later former New York cop Sheriff Mort Metzger) and occasionally with other sleuths such as Boston private investigator Harry McGraw, Chicago private eye Charlie Garrett and reformed thief Dennis Stanton.
596.	Murder, She Wrote (1984 TV Series)
Episode: Shooting in Rome (1995)
Jessica Fletcher is on a movie set in Rome where her friend, producer Boyce Brown, is filming one of her novels. She's actually doing re-writes on the script and her original story is practically unrecognizable. Thew movie is being filmed in Italy for financial reasons - the story is set on the U.S. - but Boyce is upset with his Italian partner, Raimondo Bonelli, when he's been unable to pay the crew fore two weeks. Bonelli is in hock to loan sharks. The film's star Kate Danbury and it's director Monte Hayes are divorced and their son Gary Hayes does his best to have his parents at least talk to talk to one another; he doesn't have much success however. When stuntman Webb Prentiss is killed in a stunt that goes badly, Monte Hayes is is arrested for murder but Jessica figures it all out.
597.	Murder, She Wrote (1984 TV Series)
Episode: Nan's Ghost: Part 2 (1995)
Trapped in the castle's keep, Jessica does her best to get out but it's her friend Inspector Rory Lanahan who figures out where she is. Being trapped as she was convinces her more than ever that Nan Conroy was killed in the same way. She also thinks there has to be a connection between the long lost Celtic treasure and everything else that's been happening. After yet another murder, Ian O'Bannon is arrested much to his mother Eileen's objections. A slip of the tongue however tells Jessica exactly who the killer is.
598.	Murder, She Wrote (1984 TV Series)
Episode: Programmed for Murder (1992)
When Jessica "loses" 40 pages of her latest manuscript in her computer, she's happy to have a friend like Harriet Wooster. Harriet is a business woman who has created her own successful software firm that is coveted by a another company headquartered in Boston. She hasn't been feeling well lately but Seth Hazlett diagnoses a mild gastric disorder brought on by stress and says the best thing she can do is sell her company to the highest bidder and relax. Seth himself has been irritable lately with the presence in Cabot Cove of a young doctor, Jonas Beckwith, who doesn't always agree with Seth's diagnoses. When Harriet's condition suddenly worsens, it appears Seth may have misdiagnosed her. The autopsy however suggest murder and it's left to Jessica to sift through all of the possible suspects.
599.	Murder, She Wrote (1984 TV Series)
Episode: Trial by Error (1986)
After Mark Lee Reynolds's wife Stephanie has a car accident which at best leaves her cripple for life while he is wounded at the left shoulder, criminal John Detweiler who sees him picking up a woman in a bar where he tries to drink some courage calls her jealous husband, goon Cliff Anderson, who knows his Becky is serially unfaithful. Jessica is foreperson of the jury which must decide if Mark committed murder or only killed in self-defense. She makes everyone go over the crucial witness and expert testimonies during the trial and slowly makes them shift focus from prejudices to evidence and logical deduction concerning premeditation, motive and material facts, pondering both theories, till she comes up with a crucial twist.
600.	Murder, She Wrote (1984 TV Series)
Episode: Keep the Home Fries Burning (1986)
Bo Dixon is getting desperate as all his diner customers, even sheriff Tupper and his former waitress Cornelia, desert to the Joshua Peabody Inn on the Interstate. When he checks out the competition during breakfast and sees the owner Floyd Nelson row with the pseudo-French chef Alan Dupree, who wanted out of his three year contract by getting fired, there is a mild case of food poisoning and a fatal one: businessman Harrison Fraser III's wife Wilhelmina's best friend Betty Fiddler. While Dr. Seth Hazlitt calls in haughty health inspector Margo Perry and concludes on atropine, Jessica looks into the possibility of murder. The only missing item is a jar of old Mrs. Margo Perry's strawberry preserves, which Amos is allergic to. Jessica unmasks Dupree as a fake cordon bleu and Harrison as Betty Fiddler's adulterous lover, but also doubts the intended victim and ties up more minute observations...
601.	Murder, She Wrote (1984 TV Series)
Episode: Game, Set, Murder (1995)
At the request of a friend, Jessica Fletcher tries to get 17 year-old tennis sensation Louise Henderson to play in a charity tennis event. Louise is from Cabot Cove and Jessica knows the young woman as well as her somewhat domineering father, Lane Henderson. Louise is still traumatized from having seen her mother stabbed to death by an intruder when she was just 4 years old and she has again started counseling. Lane controls every aspect of Louise's career but it soon becomes apparent that he doesn't necessarily have her best interests at heart. He's having an affair with another tennis pro who is supposed to be sports agent Andrew Bascombe's girlfriend. He fires Louise's coach Wendy Maitland a week before the U.S. Open and is blackmailing another sports agent, John McCarver, into giving a sweet deal on a sponsorship. It's no surprise when Lane is found dead and Jessica now has to sort through all of the evidence to find the killer.
602.	Murder, She Wrote (1984 TV Series)
Episode: The Murder of Sherlock Holmes (1984)
In this Pilot episode we are introduced to Jessica Fletcher, a recent widow, who lives in Cabot Cove, Maine. Jessica is an English teacher who becomes a mystery book author thanks to her nephew, Grady Fletcher. Grady submits his Aunts manuscript to a publishing company who loves it and publishes it immediately. It is a best-seller and Jessica goes to New York City to promote her new book. While there Jessica gets involved in a murder while at her publishers home for a costume party. When her nephew becomes a suspect of the murder, Jessica must find the real killer.
Jessica Fletcher gets a call from her nephew Grady who lives in New York and who tells her he's found a publisher for her mystery novel. She wasn't aware that he had shown it to anyone as it was something she did to occupy her time after the death of her husband. As her novel climbs the best seller charts, she is soon in New York making the rounds of TV and radio talk shows and attending book signings. She also attends a costume party at the home of her publisher Preston Giles. The next day however they find one of the guests, Caleb McCallum who was dressed as Sherlock Holmes, floating face down in the pool. Only it turns out to be someone else altogether but wearing the same costume. Jessica is working with the local chief of police, Roy Gunderson, but the key to finding the murderer is to first determine who the victim was supposed to be. When Grady is arrested for murder, Jessica has an even greater incentive to solve the case.
603.	Murder, She Wrote (1984 TV Series)
Episode: Showdown in Saskatchewan (1988)
Jessica visits her niece Jill Morton, as her mother Louise suspects her romantic link with Marty Reed (on a Canadian tour with Carla Talbot as chaperon). They witness a crazy bet to stay longest in a mean bull's pen in Queensbridge, Saskatchewan. Doc Schaeffer, the dodgy circuit heeler, treats Boone Talbot's best boy Luke Purdue for a leg-wound and grounds Marty with a concussion the kid denies. Next night Doc is killed by arson but Luke is pulled out of Doc's trailer just in time. RCMP (Mounties) inspector Roger McCabe, a JB Fletcher mystery fan, officially investigates and confers with Jessica. Doc's widow says he made lots of enemies and before her marriage practiced ten years in jail; she won't miss him. Marty is visited by his wife and son, Buster. After Boone gets wounded, heroically saving Marty from a giant bull's horns, the young father pulls out with a mild arm injury, to Luke's fury thus ruining their chance at an annual title. A call from prison warden Burns inspires Jessica.
604.	Murder, She Wrote (1984 TV Series)
Episode: Murder by Appointment Only (1986)
Jessica accompanies her nephew Grady who is hoping to land a job with the Lila Lee cosmetics firm courtesy of an old friend, Todd Amberson, who is the son of one of the firm's partners, Norman Amberson. She's surprised and pleased when she runs into one of her former students, Elizabeth Gordon, who is now engaged to Norman. Elizabeth has been letting on that she is an aspiring writer but Jessica's presence may in fact cause her trouble since she wasn't the best of students. Not everyone approves of Norman and Elizabeth's relationship including Todd and also and Norman's sister Lila Lee Amberson. When Elizabeth is found dead, it's left to Jessica to sort through the clues and identify the killer.
605.	Murder, She Wrote (1984 TV Series)
Episode: The List of Yuri Lermentov (1991)
Jessica goes to Washington to visit a Congressman who's a friend. She runs into British agent Michael Hagarty who is there on a mission; to make sure a list of British agents doesn't fall into the wrong hands. It seems like a Russian Yuri Lermentov whom Hagarty knows got the list and is offering it to anyone who makes him the best offer. When he goes to a party which Jessica is also attending he places the list in a book she has. Later he goes into her room to retrieve it but someone bludgeons him to death. When the police investigate, they consider Hagarty a person of interest and try to arrest him but he gets away. He later goes to Jessica and tells her what's going on and to be careful because it's obvious that someone is willing to kill to get the list.
606.	Goodfellas (1990)
This film views the mob lives of three pivotal figures in the 1960's and 70's New York. Henry Hill is a local boy turned gangster in a neighborhood full of the roughest and toughest. Tommy DeVito is a purebred gangster, who turns out to be Henry's best friend. Jimmy Conway puts the two of them together, and runs some of the biggest hijacks and burglaries the town has ever seen. After an extended jail sentence, Henry must sneak around the back of the local mob boss, Paulie Cicero, to live the life of luxury he has always dreamed of. In the end, the friends end up in a hell of a jam, and must do anything they can to save each other, and stay alive.
607.	Shadowhunters (2016 TV Series)
Clary Fray is a normal teenager living in Brooklyn with her mother. One day, she discovers that she is descended from a line of Shadowhunters; humans born with angelic blood that fight to protect our world from demons. After her mother is kidnapped, Clary must team up with three Shadowhunters: Jace, Alec and Isabelle and her best friend Simon on a quest to find her mother and recover her past.
608.	Shadowhunters (2016 TV Series)
Episode: Moo Shu to Go (2016)
Tensions escalate between Alec and Clary as they don't see eye to eye on the best way to hunt down Valentine. But when Jace and Isabelle are sent on an intel mission to the Seelies by Maryse Lightwood, Alec is put in charge of keeping Clary safe, much to both of their chagrin. With his hard-as-nails mother back in town and Clary's rule-breaking tendencies, Alec finds himself struggling to stick to the Claves rules while keeping his promise to Jace. Meanwhile, the New York City Werewolf pack begins their hunt for Clary and The Mortal Cup.
609.	Shadowhunters (2016 TV Series)
Episode: The Mortal Cup (2016)
Clary Fray is thrown into the world of demon hunting after her mother is kidnapped, and must rely on the mysterious Jace and his fellow Shadowhunters, Isabelle and Alec, to navigate this new dark world. With her best friend Simon in tow, Clary must now live among faeries, warlocks, vampires, and werewolves to find answers that could help her find her mother.
610.	Shadowhunters (2016 TV Series)
Episode: Dead Man's Party (2016)
With Simon being held captive at The Hotel DuMort, Clary pleads with Jace, Alec and Isabelle to help her rescue her best friend. As the team readies for the mission, Jace helps Clary learn more about her Shadowhunter powers, Isabelle turns to her favorite Seelie for Intel, and Alec begins to question Jace's motives and his place in their partnership. Meanwhile, a very scared Simon gets very up close and personal with Camille, the leader of the vampire clan.
611.	Shadowhunters (2016 TV Series)
Episode: The Descent Into Hell Isn't Easy (2016)
With the knowledge that Valentine is alive and on the hunt for The Mortal Cup, the Institute is on high alert. Not wasting any time, Jace jumps into action and figures Clary's memories are the key to finding Jocelyn and The Mortal Cup. Unfortunately, Clary's memories were wiped leaving her without any recollection of this other life that could help her and the team. With only one other option remaining, Jace, Isabelle and a very reluctant Alec take Clary to the City of Bones to face the powerful Silent Brothers. Meanwhile, Luke continues his search for Clary, and Simon tries to come to terms with his best friend's new life.
612.	Star Trek: Enterprise (2001 TV Series)
Episode: Chosen Realm (2004)
Enterprise answers the distress call of a Triannon ship. After taking them on board, D'Jamat, their leader, tells they are religious people visiting a sphere. They believe the Expanse, the Chosen Realm, and the Spheres were created by the Makers a 1000 years ago and that the anomalies are their breath. It soon becomes clear that these people don't have the best intentions. They take control of Enterprise and want to use it in the war against heretics. D'Jamat also orders the death of one crew member because Enterprise desecrated several spheres. Archer must choose.
613.	Star Trek: Enterprise (2001 TV Series)
Episode: The Forgotten (2004)
Enterprise has arrived on time for the appointment with Xindi Degra. Captain Archer invites them to their ship, while he does his best to convince both Degra and Arboreal Jannar that the destruction of Earth is actually part of the grand scheme of the sphere builders to conquer the universe. While Jannar remains reluctant, Degra seems to be slightly won over. Trip Tucker is having a hard time keeping Enterprise in shape and is also having difficulties with writing a letter to the parents of crewman Taylor, informing of her death. Then trouble arises when out of the blue a Reptilian ship arrives.
614.	Star Trek: Enterprise (2001 TV Series)
Episode: The Augments (2004)
Captain Archer is only barely able to escape a horrible death and once again the Augments have gotten away. They disappear into Klingon space. Dr. Soong decides the ship should head to an area called Briar Patch, that will be hard to detect because of radiation. There he wants to let the embryos grow up peacefully. Once again Malik completely disagrees with him. He has taken dangerous pathogens from Cold Station 12 and plans to bombard a Klingon colony, ensuring the Federation will be too busy fighting a war with the Klingons. Malik is very convinced his plan is the best.
615.	The Affair (2014 TV Series)
Episode: 6 (2014)
After Noah spends a night out with his best friend Max, he discovers there's more to Alison than he's been led to believe. At home, his wife Helen hopes to make the most of the family's time in Montauk. Meanwhile, Alison and her husband Cole work to keep the Lockharts from danger.
616.	NCIS: Los Angeles (2009 TV Series)
Episode: Crimeleon (2012)
Two executives die in a car fire in Los Angeles; Granger introduces a visitor as Martin, an Interpol agent, who seeks help, pointing out that the MO in the new crime matches that in another case, in which the Callen team six months ago took down most of a French-Moroccan gang. G and Sam go to a prison to interview the only survivor in the old case, the driver, but he's somebody else; G says that he missed something, so Granger and the team review; they realize that their target is a chameleon, and G says that he's the best he's ever seen. The team see a video clip apparently showing Martin's death in a car fire by the same MO. Granger takes control of the investigation; Eric learns that Martin is not Martin; G and Sam find the real Martin but not the fake Martin; however, the fake guy calls G and says that he will soon kill G, and he tells why. Granger eats some of his words; Hetty asks Granger why he's there, and he answers, looking at Kensi, that he's there to catch a killer.
617.	NCIS: Los Angeles (2009 TV Series)
Episode: Identity (2009)
A commander in Naval intelligence dies during a shootout involving others with the Los Angeles PD after a traffic stop; Callen returns to duty after recovering from his gunshot wounds incurred at the end of the pilot episode; the Office of Special Projects (OSP) has moved into different quarters. Director Vance says that the case of Callen's shooting remains open. The gang in LA find out about the victim, his sister, her daughter (who's missing), and a long-time best friend, who enters the scene and the action. Both Nate (the staff shrink) and Hetty (the operations manager) make constructive contributions. The team start putting the pieces together. Sam and Callen attend a party with fireworks, then they pitch a deal to someone who's someone else; the surprises multiply, and the atmosphere becomes tense, but Sam and Callen work things out and return the missing daughter to her distraught mother. Hetty spreads a blanket over Callen while he sleeps.
618.	Chuck (2007 TV Series)
Episode: Chuck Versus the Role Models (2010)
The general orders Chuck and Sara to learn operating as a (fake) couple from 'the best in the business', Craig and Laura Turner. During their mission, stealing back vital software from fancy party host Otto Van Vogel, Chuck soon finds his 'models' a poor couple and no longer very effective. Otto's security isn't limited to goons and technology. Casey meanwhile has to complete Grimes's training alone, or join him back in boot-camp.
619.	Chuck (2007 TV Series)
Episode: Chuck Versus the Three Words (2010)
Chuck gets a new mission when Sarah's best friend Carina comes through town with her fiance Karl. Things get complicated when Chuck wants to hash out his and Sarah's relationship problems while they're on the mission. Meanwhile, Morgan finds himself in trouble when he lies to Jeff and Lester.
620.	Chicago Fire (2012 TV Series)
Episode: I Am the Apocalypse (2015)
A man blows himself up, claiming to have something worse than Ebola. Meanwhile members of Chicago Med and Chicago Fire try to handle the situation as best they can. Kelly battles for his life when he's severely injured while attempting to stop the suicide bomber.
621.	Leon: The Professional (1994)
Mathilda, a twelve-year old New York girl, is living an undesirable life among her half-family. Her father stores drugs for two-faced cop Norman Stansfield. Only her little brother keeps Mathilda from breaking apart. One day, Stansfield and his team take cruel revenge on her father for stretching the drugs a little, thus killing the whole family. Only Mathilda, who was out shopping, survives by finding shelter in Leon's apartment in the moment of highest need. Soon, she finds out about the strange neighbour's unusual profession - killing - and desperately seeks his help in taking revenge for her little brother. Leon, who is completely unexperienced in fatherly tasks, and in friendships, does his best to keep Mathilda out of trouble - unsuccessfully. Now, the conflict between a killer, who slowly discovers his abilities to live, to feel, to love and a corrupt police officer, who does anything in his might to get rid of an eye witness, arises to unmeasurable proportions - all for the sake of a little twelve-year old girl, who has nearly nothing to lose.
622.	The Tudors (2007 TV Series)
Episode: Moment of Nostalgia (2010)
Whitehall Palace, London 1540. Thirty years into the reign of King Henry VIII and it's been a long, hot summer: London is experiencing intense heat and there has been no rain for two months. But while his subjects wilt, the King's vigor remains undiminished. The Reformation goes on and Henry has just married the beautiful Catherine Howard, his fifth Queen, who is a mere seventeen years old. Catherine is different from earlier wives in more ways than age: far from being nobility she was 'discovered' by some of the King's friends in a boarding house for wayward young ladies. Joan Bulmer the new Queen's best friend from her youth, is hired as a lady in waiting; aside from her friendship she knows too much scandalous detail about Catherine's sexual past to be outside the court. The Queen's 'low' background combined with her youth and beauty, arouses a lusty familiarity in certain members of Henry's court. Most notably the King's handsome and ambitious new groom Thomas Culpepper, who makes no secret of his desire for the new Queen during an extended hunting trip visit by the royal entourage. Culpepper unleashes his sexual frustrations on an unfortunate local peasant woman whom he rapes and then murders her aggrieved husband. When the local Sheriff confronts Henry with these charges the King sides with his young courtier; protection he may come to regret.
623.	The Middle (2009 TV Series)
Episode: Operation Infiltration (2015)
Frankie accompanies Brick on a school field trip and attempts to help her socially inept son make friends with a couple of boys. Meanwhile, when Devin scolds Axl for being mean to his sister, he tries to make it look like they are the best of friends when Sue spends the weekend at his house; and while trying to thin out some of their hoarding father's massive stockpile of junk, Mike gets a sinking feeling that he may have bullied his brother Rusty a bit too much as kids and turned him into the hapless man that he is today.
624.	Aliens (1986)
Fifty seven years after Ellen Ripley had a close encounter with the slimE-dripping alien creature from the first movie, she brought back, this time, to help a group of highly trained colonial marines fight off against the slimy extraterrestrials. But, this time, the aliens have taken over a space colony on the moon LV-426. When the colonial marines are called upon to search the deserted space colony, they later find out that they are up against more than what they bargained for. Using specially modified machine guns and enough firepower, it's either fight or die as the space cadets battle against the aliens. As the Marines do their best to defend themselves, Ripley must try to protect a young girl who is the sole survivor of the decimated space colony.
625.	Prisoners (2013)
In a town in northeastern Pennsylvania, Keller and Grace Dover, Franklin and Nancy Birch, and their respective offspring - each couple with a teenager and adolescent apiece - are best friends. While the two families are celebrating Thanksgiving together, the two adolescent girls, Anna Dover and Joy Birch, go missing. Based on events earlier in the day, the two families believe that the girls were abducted by whoever lives in the camper van parked in their neighborhood. Their beliefs are strengthened after they meet the resident of the camper, Alex Jones, a mentally childlike young man who is supported in every respect by his overprotective aunt, Holly Jones, and based on other subsequent evidence about Alex that emerges. However, Detective Loki, the lead police investigator, is pretty certain that Alex did not abduct the girls, he instead initially following leads of known sex offenders and pedophiles in the area. In addition, Loki has no evidence to hold Alex in custody, placing him at odds especially with Keller, who is certain that Alex is the one who abducted the girls. While Loki continues his investigation with Keller accusing him of not doing his job by following what he considers are pointless leads, Keller decides he has to take matters into his own hands. He has to decide how much he will involve Grace, Franklin and Nancy in getting Alex to divulge where the girls are by any means possible. His decisions as in who he will involve in getting Alex to talk may depend on how like-minded he believes the other three are, they who may be as devastated as he is, but who may neither be certain that Alex is the perpetrator or go to the same extremes as he to get the information from Alex.
626.	Skins (2007 TV Series)
Series One and Two focuses on a group of British teens trying to grow up and learn about love and life with little adult supervision (and lots of PARTYING). Sid tries to be everyone's friend and usually ends up on the short end of the stick. He is mostly manipulated by best friend Tony, whose girlfriend Michelle he is in love with. Tony is one to try anything once, including every girl he meets. He manipulates not only Sid and Michelle but anyone else who will let him. Anwar is just looking to lose his virginity, and though he is Muslim, it rarely stops him from partying excessively. Gay and popular friend Maxxie is along for the ride, while trying to pursue his dream of being a dancer and actor in London. Cassie, an anorexic basket-case, is in love with Sid, who overlooks her time and time again. Straight-laced Jal wants to focus on her musical ambitions.
627.	Skins (2007 TV Series)
Episode: Jal (2007)
Jal is not your average ghetto girl, nowhere near. But what's the point of having the Young Musician of the Year competition within arm's reach, if those around you don't even notice? Jal's problem is her dad - he may be Bristol's answer to P Diddy, but when it comes to his daughter he's lost the plot. Sid has got a big problem of his own - a problem who goes by the name of Mad Twatter. Mad T won't rest until he's got his hands on his drugs, his money or Sid and, as usual, Tony has left his best mate to take it on the chin - literally.
628.	Skins (2007 TV Series)
Episode: Finale (2007)
It's Anwar's birthday, but he's still not talking to best friend Maxxie. Sid thinks he might have been an idiot with regards to Cassie. Cassie escapes from the madhouse. Angie and Chris get unexpected visit, which might swing both ways. Tony and Michelle are still not speaking each other. Effy's still not speaking to anyone, but she's there to point that out to Tony and support Michelle. Everything comes to ahead during Anwar's birthday celebration in 'Seymours'.
629.	Skins (2007 TV Series)
Episode: Cassie (2007)
If the world wasn't strange enough, this episode perceives the world through the eyes of Cassie. A world in which you receive messages through your food. A world in which the guy you are interested in only has eyes for your best friend, who only has eyes for his best friend. And a world in which the only person you can talk to is your taxi driver. Welcome to the calm in storm of the surreal.
630.	Skins (2007 TV Series)
Episode: Sid (2007)
Sid is in trouble. Deep trouble. He's failing at everything. His history coursework hasn't made the grade and he's only got a week to deliver something decent or he'll fail the year. And, of course, he's as sexually frustrated as ever and can't get his best friend's girlfriend, Michelle, out of his head. Will Sid ever buckle down and focus on his future, will his dad ever give him a break, and will he ever wake up to Tony's manipulative ways?
631.	Skins (2007 TV Series)
Episode: Sid (2008)
Sid is distraught without his best friend Tony and tries to contact his girlfriend Cassie. Upon misinterpreting Cassie's closeness with her gay friends in Scotland, Sid seeks his Dad's advice, but he is preoccupied with cleaning the house for Sid's grandfathers visit.
632.	Californication (2007 TV Series)
Episode: Perverts & Whores (2012)
Hank, down an agent and best friend, finds reason to crash with his two favorite ladies -- Karen and Becca. There's still money to be made, so it's time for him to find new representation with Hollywood power agent Larry Levine. Lizzie's big break has arrived - a role in Santa Monica Cop, via a special favor from Stu Beggs. Charlie, distraught over his personal losses, seeks comfort from Marcy.
633.	Californication (2007 TV Series)
Episode: Verities & Balderdash (2009)
Hank and Becca attend the annual English Department Fall Mixer hosted by Dean Koons and wife Felicia. After flirtatious exchanges with student Jackie and Felicia, Hank finds himself consoling his jilted teacher's aide Jill, the best way he knows how. Meanwhile, Becca and Chelsea sneak away to discuss life, love, and psychedelic mushrooms. Charlie tries to coax Marcy into celebrating the first signing at the new agency, teen idol Rick Springfield.
634.	Californication (2007 TV Series)
Episode: Hell Ain't a Bad Place to Be (2012)
Hank hits the local watering-hole, only something's amiss. Not only does Mr. Moody find himself surrounded by shadowy figures, but the bartender is an old, departed friend. Is Hank dreaming or has he finally made it to hell? Next it's onto the set of Santa Monica Cop where Sam's jealousy - and fondness for firearms - gives Charlie an opportunity to show just how much he loves his best friend and number one client. Later, Hank's ex-girlfriend surprises him with a way for them to be together forever.
635.	Californication (2007 TV Series)
Episode: Wish You Were Here (2009)
Following Karen's move to New York, Hank Moody does his best to raise his daughter Becca by himself. But being a single dad isn't easy, especially with Becca starting to question his authority more than ever. To make matters worse, Becca's new best friend Chelsea has a fondness for sex, drugs, and trouble. After a run-in with Chelsea's straight-laced mother Felicia, a teacher at the local university, Hank reluctantly accepts a dinner invitation. Hank does his best to tolerate the various academics at the party, but things get out of hand when Hank insists on having drinks with a professor. Meanwhile, Charlie moves back in with his soon-to-be-ex-wife Marc as soon as they sort out the details of their divorce.
636.	24 (2001 TV Series)
Episode: Day 5: 2:00 p.m.-3:00 p.m. (2006)
Posing as Rossler, Jack goes under cover with the terrorists in the hope that they will lead him to Erwich, even at the expense of hundreds of lives in a shopping mall. Meanwhile, President Logan, Martha Logan and Mike Novick debate how best to deal with the suicide of Walt Cummings.
637.	24 (2001 TV Series)
Episode: 1:00 a.m.-2:00 a.m. (2001)
CTU discovers that an airplane went down the Mojave Desert. Unbenowist to them, it was carrying the person who was supposed to snap Palmer's picture at a breakfast meeting. An assassin named Many emerges with the man's wallet, and hides a transponder in the desert spot where she lands after she made the jump. A girl named Brigette picks it up. Mandy is revealed to be working for a man named Ira Gaines. One of Ira's men has plastic surgery to resemble the photographer. Mandy wants to lay low for a while, seeing she completed what she was assigned to do. Meanwhile, Kimberly and her best friend Janet have been kidnapped by two men in which a local party the girls were attending turned out to be a rouse. With the help of Alan York, a worried Teri searches for her daughter. Meanwhile, Walsh has a meeting with his source who gives him a key card. Jack is called in when Walsh is ambushed. Jack and Walsh both take out two men, but a third shoots Walsh as he hands Jack the key card. They key card is the only hint in Palmer's assassination attempt...
638.	The Magicians (2015 TV Series)
Episode: Unauthorized Magic (2015)
A seemingly depressed man is ready for graduate school, and things start to make sense to him when he is accepted into a college for future magicians. The world of fantasy that he has loved so much growing up becomes a reality. His best friend is not so lucky, and she gets involved with a not so prestigious group of magicians.
639.	CSI: Crime Scene Investigation (2000 TV Series)
This show follows the nights of the detectives working at the Las Vegas Police Department Crime Scene Investigations bureau. Being the second busiest crime lab in America, CSI officers use the best scientific and technical methods to solve puzzles and catch criminals.
640.	CSI: Crime Scene Investigation (2000 TV Series)
Episode: Grave Danger: Part 2 (2005)
Gil Grissom meets Nick's kidnapper with the demanded ransom of one million dollars cash, and the man surprisingly blows himself up without revealing the location of Nick. Without any lead but the thumb of the criminal, the CSI team discloses his identity and the reason for such act of desperation. Fighting against time, the investigators give their best effort trying to locate Nick.
641.	CSI: Crime Scene Investigation (2000 TV Series)
Episode: Big Shots (2007)
The for driver Champ Landley fatal shooting at and as Nick soon finds from dodgy, drug-trade-involved former boxer Drops' drive-by limo and the dragging death of a young black woman, initially confused with her older best friend because of a deliberately 'borrowed' drivers license, turn out to be related. When Greg Sanders discovers that Aaron James, the brother of the black youngster he ran over after his own mugging may have been involved, CSI chief Conrad Ecklie orders Greg completely excluded from the investigation, fearing another lawsuit.
642.	CSI: Crime Scene Investigation (2000 TV Series)
Episode: Under My Skin (2015)
While investigating the murder of a man, they discover that the victim was with the daughter of the head of the crime lab in San Diego, who offered Nick a job. They learn the man is in Las Vegas. He tells them that she was with her sister who lives in Las Vegas with his ex-wife. Later a video is posted that shows the girls were abducted. Nick does his best to find them.
643.	CSI: Crime Scene Investigation (2000 TV Series)
Episode: Wild Life (2010)
Detective Vartann is unsettled to learn lover Catherine never told him she inherited a lucrative share in a casino. It's the murder site where handsome Brad Malone fell to his death, boxers only. Nick's team works out Brad had motives for a suicide, but left no note and fell from the suite next door, where he and a night club barman had sex with the best friends who were 'celebrating' a divorce, yet lie about their debauchery. Greg's team is confused about the domestic deaths of couple, fatally hurting his during his shower while she fell on her breakfast kitchen knife. There was no intruder, only the clever parrot, who drove the ex-con neighbor nuts, and the bird's other mortal enemy, the cat, were home.
644.	Top Gun (1986)
Lieutenant Pete "Maverick" Mitchell is an expert United States Naval Aviator. When he encounters a pair of MiGs over the Persian Gulf, his wingman is clearly outflown and freaks. On almost no fuel, Maverick is able to talk him back down to the carrier. When his wingman turns in his wings, Maverick is moved up in the standings and sent to the Top Gun Naval Flying School. There he fights the attitudes of the other pilots and an old story of his father's death in combat that killed others due to his father's error. Maverick struggles to be the best pilot, stepping on the toes of his other students and in another way to Charlie Blackwood, a civilian instructor to whom he is strongly attracted.
645.	Bridesmaids (2011)
Annie (Kristen Wiig), is a maid of honor whose life unravels as she leads her best friend, Lillian (Maya Rudolph), and a group of colorful bridesmaids (Rose Byrne, Melissa McCarthy, Wendi McLendon-Covey and Ellie Kemper) on a wild ride down the road to matrimony. Annie's life is a mess. But when she finds out her lifetime best friend is engaged, she simply must serve as Lillian's maid of honor. Though lovelorn and broke, Annie bluffs her way through the expensive and bizarre rituals. With one chance to get it perfect, she'll show Lillian and her bridesmaids just how far you'll go for someone you love.
Annie is hitting bottom: in Milwaukee, her bakery is shuttered, her boyfriend gone, her flatmates hideous, and she puts up with Ted, an uncaring occasional sex partner. But she has Lillian, her best friend since childhood. When Lillian gets engaged, she asks Annie to be her maid of honor and introduces her to the four bridesmaids, an eclectic group that includes Helen, Lillian's wealthy and beautiful new friend. Helen instantly gets under Annie's skin, and competition for Lillian's affection and confidence ensues. Helen undercuts Annie's ideas, and Annie is soon out of control. Even Rhodes, a friendly attentive cop, can't calm her. Will Annie lose Lillian's friendship and more?
Annie is unlucky in love but when her best friend Lillian gets engaged and asks her to be her maid of honor, she's thrilled. At the engagement party however, she realizes she has a rival - Helen, a bridesmaid who also claims Lillian as her BFF. She is also rich, attractive, articulate and someone who is comfortable as the center of attention. Everything Annie touches goes wrong. She arranges for the bridesmaids' lunch at a restaurant in a seedy part of town and everyone - except Helen, who ate a salad - gets food poisoning. She then takes them all to a posh dress shop only to find she needed to make a reservation way ahead of time - but Helen, of course, knows the manager and with her intervention they're whisked right in. It gets to the point where everyone is stressed to the limit and Annie and Lillian have a falling out putting all the plans in doubt.
646.	Galavant (2015 TV Series)
Episode: About Last Knight (2016)
Galavant, along with Richard and Roberta, stumbles upon his father, Sir Arnold Galavant. While Richard prepares for battle by training at Arnold's knight school, Galavant learns a few things about the man who abandoned him as a child. Madalena tries to make Gareth's birthday the best day ever, but his idea of a fun time is getting into a bar fight. Isabella returns to Hortensia and banishes Woodworm. Sid, now a wanted man in Valencia, flees to the Forest of Coincidence.
647.	X-Men: Days of Future Past (2014)
Sentinels, robots that were created for the purpose of hunting down mutants were released in 1973. 50 years later the Sentinels would also hunt humans who aid mutants. Charles Xavier and his X-Men try their best to deal with the Sentinels but they are able to adapt and deal with all mutant abilities. Charles decides to go back in time and change things. He asks Kitty Pryde who can send a person's consciousness into the person's past to send him but she can only send someone back a few weeks because if she sends someone back further it could harm them. So Logan decides to go back himself because he might be able to withstand it. So Charles tells him that it's Mystique who's responsible because when she learned about the Sentinels she sought out Bolivar Trask the man who created them and killed him. She would be caught and studied and her ability to change was somehow added to the Sentinels which is why they can adapt. Logan must go to the younger Charles and ask him to help; problem is that he was despondent at that time and without his powers because he took a drug which allows him to walk but takes away his powers. Logan is also told to find Magneto.
648.	American Pie (1999)
At a high-school party, four friends (Jim, Kevin, Finch, and Oz) find that losing their collective virginity isn't as easy as they had thought. But they still believe that they need to do so before college. To motivate themselves, they enter a pact to try to be the first to "score." And of course, the senior prom is their last best chance. As the fateful date draws near, the boys wonder who among them will get lucky. More importantly, do they really want to do it at all?
649.	Good Will Hunting (1997)
A young adult by the name of Will Hunting has always been living in the slums. He spends his nights at bars and batting cages with his best friends. However, he has an amazing talent in Mathematics. When Will is almost sent to jail, a professor at MIT decides to bail him out under the condition that he works with him for math every week and that he visits a therapist. Little does he know that the therapist, Sean, will change his life in so many ways.
A janitor at MIT, Will Hunting has a gift for math and chemistry that can take him light-years beyond his blue-collar roots, but he doesn't realize his potential and can't even imagine leaving his childhood Boston South End neighborhood, his construction job, or his best friend. To complicate matters, several strangers enter the equation: a brilliant math professor who discovers, even envies, Will's gifts, an empathetic shrink who identifies with Will's blue-collar roots, and a beautiful, gifted pre-med student who shows him, for the first time in his life, the possibility of love.
650.	Scorpion (2014 TV Series)
Episode: Forget Me Nots (2015)
Team scorpion must jog the memory of an injured former secret service agent who is their only hope in preventing weapons of mass destruction from being launched from a secret U.S nuclear silo. Meanwhile, Paige is torn when Drew suggests that moving to Maine might be the best for Ralph.
651.	Agatha Christie's Poirot (1989 TV Series)
Episode: Murder in the Mews (1989)
Chief Inspector Japp enlists Poirot's help in a case of his. Barbara Allen appears to have committed suicide but Japp isn't so sure. Several clues point to it potentially being murder. The most likely suspects are Jane Plenderleith - Mrs Allen's best friend, Laverton West - Ms Allen's fiance - and the shadowy Major Eustace. Poirot and Hastings help out and uncover a most ingenious plan.
652.	Agatha Christie's Poirot (1989 TV Series)
Episode: Five Little Pigs (2003)
Fourteen years after her mother, Caroline Crale, was hanged for the murder of her artist father Amyas Crale, Lucy Crale asks Hercule Poirot to investigate her father's death. She is convinced that her mother was innocent but is prepared to accept the truth, whatever that may be. Poirot visits in turn all five persons present when the murder took place including Amyas' best friend, Philip Blake, who was visiting the Crales when Amyas was killed; Philip's brother Meredith from whom Caroline supposedly stole the poison used to kill her husband; Elsa Greer, who was sitting for a portrait and with whom Amyas was supposedly in love; Caroline's half sister Angela who despised Amyas but believed her sister to be innocent; and Miss Williams, the governess. Having heard the tale from five different perspectives, Poirot reunites them all to identify the murderer.
653.	Agatha Christie's Poirot (1989 TV Series)
Episode: Wasps' Nest (1991)
Poirot runs into an old friend, author John Harrison. He is engaged to model Molly Deane but Poirot senses that something is amiss in their relationship. Deane was previously in a relationship with Harrison's best friend, artist Claude Langton. Poirot is fearful that a murder is being planned.
654.	Agatha Christie's Poirot (1989 TV Series)
Episode: Death on the Nile (2004)
While on their honeymoon in Egypt, newlyweds Simon Doyle and Linett Ridgeway are constantly harassed by Simon's ex-fiancee Jackie De Bellefort who feels her ex-best friend has stolen the love of her life. A holidaying Hercules Poirot counsels Jackie to put an end to her antics, fearing that all of this can only end in tragedy. When one of the passengers is killed while on a cruise down the Nile, Poirot must sift through an odd assortment of passengers, all of whom may have something to hide. There is Linett's financial advisor from the US, her French maid who clearly has something to hide, the Austrian doctor who keeps mostly to himself and the left leaning philosopher who despises the rich.
655.	Snow White and the Huntsman (2012)
Once upon a time, King Magnus and his Queen have a beautiful daughter, Snow White, who is raised with her best friend William. When the Queen passes away, the King grieves her death but has to fight against a dark invader army. He rescues a beautiful prisoner, Ravenna, and on the next day he marries her. On the wedding night, Ravenna stabs King Magnus in the chest and brings the enemy army led by her brother Finn that destroys the King's army. Ravenna imprisons Snow White in the Northern Tower of the castle while William, his father The Duke and a few survivors escape from the castle. Years later, the kingdom is completely depleted and Queen Ravenna, who is an evil witch, keeps her beauty by draining the youth of young ladies. When the Magic Mirror tells that Snow White would be the source of her immortality, she asks Finn to bring the princess to her. However, Snow White escapes and flees to the Dark Forest. Queen Ravenna brings a Huntsman that misses his wife and she promises to bring her back to life provided he catches and brings Snow White to her. But when he captures Snow White, he discovers that the evil Queen lied to him and he becomes the protector of the princess. Meanwhile William learns that Snow White is alive and he heads to join Finn's men to meet her. The Huntsman and Snow White meet the eight dwarfs that bring them to the magic Fairytale Land. When they are attacked by Finn and his men, William also finds them and the group heads to the Duke's castle with the intention of beginning an uprising against the evil Ravenna.
656.	The Jungle Book (1967)
Abandoned after an accident, baby Mowgli is taken and raised by a family of wolves. As the boy grows older, the wise panther Bagheera realizes he must be returned to his own kind in the nearby man-village. Baloo the bear however thinks differently taking the young Mowgli under his wing and teaching that living in the jungle is the best life there is. Bagheera realizes that Mowgli is in danger, particularly from Shere Khan the tiger who hates all people. When Baloo finally comes around, Mowgli runs off into the jungle where he survives a second encounter with Kaa the snake and finally, with Shere Khan. It's the sight of a pretty girl however that gets Mowgli to go the nearby man-village.
657.	The Mentalist (2008 TV Series)
Episode: Redwood (2008)
A female is found dead under a truck and it turns out that her best friend, Nicole, is found holding the murder weapon with no memory of what took place. Jane believes that Nicole is innocent and forces her to deal with the blocked memories to help identify the real killer. That is, of course, if Nicole is actually innocent.
Smalltown sheriff Nelson calls the CBI about two missing locals . Under the girls' car in the forest lies the murdered corps of Kara Palmer, whose family took in her still missing best friend, Nicole Gilbert, allegedly reformed daughter of a jailbird. Kara's parents say Nicole mistrusted Kara's boyfriend, lush lumberjack Jason O'Toole. Ranger Kyle and others volunteer to help looking, Jane presumes including the killer. Simon believes Nicole is a victim too, even after she turns up alive, wielding a bloody knife in amnesiac shock, which Simon deals with his way.
658.	The Mentalist (2008 TV Series)
Episode: Red in Tooth and Claw (2013)
At the West Coast's best college biology department, where a new moth species was just discovered, a brilliant grad student is murdered. Patrick concentrates on ruthless rivalry for student - and research grants, opposing students and staff. As Lisbon remained obsessed with Tommy Volker's case, Patrick helps her win by giving her CBI chief Bertram's tell at the poker table.
659.	The Mentalist (2008 TV Series)
Episode: The Greybar Hotel (2014)
The CIA wants sneaky insight in presumed arms dealers contacts via a parallel smuggle, broken-up luxury cars. Master car thief Cole Foster escaped but his blindly devoted girl friend is jailed, so Lisbon becomes her cell mate. The team makes the best of clues, but Patrick decides to stage a breakout, which proves really dangerous once he must give chase outside. Meanwhile Cho breaks in newbie Vega.
660.	The Mentalist (2008 TV Series)
Episode: Pink Chanel Suit (2010)
Gentle children's books illustrator Austin Marr (23) is stabbed to death in strict federal judge Pauline Fitwilliam's guest house. Austin was the lover of her contrary youngest daughter, Abigail 'Abby', who is missing and was recently released from drug rehabilitation. Pauline points to the White Supremacist gang of Raymond Tubbs, whom she put in jail and threatened her and her family, to which end he may use coke dealer Howard 'Howie' Dressler. Patrick mistrusts the estate security and makes Abby's sister Sophie confess a secret: the lovers just had their first row, and indeed her fingerprints are on the knife. Patrick deducts mundane 'best friend' Danielle stole Abby's credit card. Pauline's ma Ethel Sebring is being buried after a lingering disease, treated by Dr. Saban. Patrick ties everything together and sets an unsavory trap.
661.	Frasier (1993 TV Series)
Episode: Room Service (1998)
Brian, Lilith's husband, leaves her (for a man). Distraught, she comes to Seattle intent on seducing Frasier. He does his best to resist her, and she ends up sharing a night of passion with Niles. Frasier discovers them in her hotel room the next morning.
662.	Frasier (1993 TV Series)
Episode: Three Dates and a Breakup (1997)
Frasier hosts a benefit party at his apartment, and is ecstatic when three women come on to him. However, his first date is ruined by Sherry's obnoxious intrusion. The next morning, he is surprised to see Martin and Sherry fighting, and then break up. Daphne tries to adopt an American accent. After a chance meeting with a gossipy high school friend, during which she looks less than her best, Roz becomes obsessed with trying to find him again and impress him.
663.	Frasier (1993 TV Series)
Episode: The Late Dr. Crane (1999)
A minor fender-bender sends Frasier to the hospital. While waiting, Niles hears the name of Maris's plastic surgeon, Mel Karnofsky, and decides to confront him about a billing error. An annoying man bores Frasier into leaving the office, and the man uses Frasier's name to jump the line. Niles is surprised to find that Mel is actually a woman, with whom he has a lot in common. The man at the hospital dies suddenly, and Frasier is mistakenly thought dead for a day. He takes it as a wake-up call, doing his best to live life to the fullest every day. Niles doesn't have the nerve to ask Mel for a date, so instead he has repeated cosmetic surgeries from her.
664.	Stand by Me (1986)
Upon reading of the death of one of his childhood friends, late thirty-something Gordie Lachance remembers back to an incident when he was twelve involving that friend. His story... It's just before the Labor Day weekend 1959 in his hometown of Castle Rock, Oregon, just before he is about to enter junior high. He, an insecure young man, feels more invisible at home than usual as it's five months after the tragic death of his older brother Denny, the favored son, who he loved and misses as much as anyone. His parents, who just don't understand Gordie's love of storytelling and writing as opposed to Denny's athletic pursuits, still have not gotten over their grief. Gordie spends much time with his three closest same aged friends, who attend school together. Vern Tessio is the slightly dim overweight one, that dimness largely out of naivety. Teddy Duchamp is the crazy one, whose father is also crazy albeit violently, even against Teddy. And Chris Chambers, Gordie's best friend, has in the public mindset a predetermined future as a lowlife, being just the latest lowlife in the Chambers family. Regardless, Chris acts more as a responsible father figure to Gordie in many ways than Gordie's own father. Vern learns from secretly overhearing his older delinquent brother Billy's conversation that he has discovered a dead body in the woods about twenty or thirty miles away, but does not want to do anything about it or tell anyone, especially in authority. With Vern telling his three friends, the four believe it is probably Ray Brower, a boy around their age from another town who went missing three days ago while going blueberry picking. Needing to walk there, they decide to go retrieve the body and thus become heroes in the process. They devise a plan of attack that will give them about twenty-four hours before their respective families may even realize that they are gone. What the four don't realize is that Billy does eventually tell his group of friends, led by the sadistic Ace Merrill, who has a win at any cost mentality, and as such it becomes a race to retrieve the body. But in their physical journey, the four boys also go through an emotional journey about their lives, their friendship and for Gordie why he has what becomes an obsession to see that dead body.
665.	Nine Lives (2016)
Tom Brand is a businessman who's driven to be the best, and his attitude ruined his first marriage and caused a rift between him and his son who now works for him who strives for his approval. He's now married to his second wife who's a little more tolerant of him and has a daughter. It's her birthday.and all she wants for years is a cat which he refuses to give. But not wanting to disappoint her gives in and goes to a pet store called Purr-kins. The owner who's a little weird, tells him he doesn't pick the cat, the cat picks him. And the cat that picked is called Mr. Fuzzypants. Brand is on his way home for the party when he decides to see Ian Cox, one of his people who's in charge of making the "tallest building in the Northern Hemisphere", when he learns that another building will be taller. They have argument that ends with Brand firing Cox but there's a storm and Brand is blown off the building along with the cat. He falls to the ground when he passes out and wakes up in the cat's body and sees his body is unconscious. The owner of the pet shop goes to see him, apparently he knows what happened to him and can talk to him. He tells him to figure out why this happened to him. His wife and daughter take him home. He acts all crazy which drives them mad but he slowly comes to realize how much he has ignored them. He also learns that Ian is trying to take the company public and his son whom he has also mistreated is trying to stop him.
666.	Easy A (2010)
High school student Olive Penderghast (Emma Stone) finds herself the victim of her school's "rumor mill" when she lies to her best friend Rhiannon (Alyson Michalka) about a weekend tryst with a fictional college freshman. Word quickly spreads of Olive's promiscuity and, much to her surprise, she welcomes the attention. When she agrees to help out a bullied friend by pretending to sleep with him, her image rapidly degrades to a more lascivious state and her world begins to spin out of control. As she helps more and more of her classmates and her lies continue to escalate, Olive must find a way to save face before the school's religious fanatic Marianne (Amanda Bynes) gets her expelled and she loses a shot at attaining her own happiness.
In California, the virgin student Olive Penderghast feels anonymous in the high school where she studies. When her best friend Rhiannon invites her to spend the weekend with her family, Olive lies and tells that she will have a date with a nonexistent community college student. On the next Monday, Rhiannon goes to the bathroom with Olive and asks how her encounter was and Olive lies, telling that she lost her virginity in the weekend with her fictitious boyfriend. However, one school mate overhears their conversation and spreads the rumor about Olive's promiscuity. The religious fanatic Marianne blames her and out of the blue. Olive becomes a notorious student. Meanwhile, Olive is studying "The Scarlet Letter" in the English class and she identifies herself like Hester Prynne, the woman condemned by her Puritan neighbors in Nathaniel Hawthorne's novel. Olive discloses the truth to her bullied gay friend Brandon and suggests him to also lie that he had slept with a girl. Brandon asks Olive to help him and she pretends to have sex with him in a party. Then other outcast boys offer to pay Olive to improve their images while Olive's reputation degrades. When Olive loses control of the situation, she needs to take an attitude to revert it.
667.	Weeds (2005 TV Series)
Episode: Mile Deep and a Foot Wide (2006)
Despite helping Heylia avoid being jailed by the DEA, Heylia still makes Nancy and Conrad pay a price for shutting down her business; Nancy and Conrad decide it might be best to cut and run; Celia and Doug's affair threatens to consume both of their marriages; the arrival in town of an old flame from Alaska further complicates Andy's already screwed-up life; Nancy invites Peter over for dinner with her family, but by the end of the evening everyone's true feelings are revealed.
668.	Weeds (2005 TV Series)
Episode: Go (2007)
Season 3 ends with the entire town of Majestic, including Agrestic, facing destruction from a wildfire set by Guillermo and his Mexican friends; Tara and her fanatical friends try to rescue the cross from the makeshift grow house; When the police find out what's been growing there, all fingers point to Celia; Nancy decides it might be the best time to leave Majestic, and she takes steps to make sure it's for good.
669.	Weeds (2005 TV Series)
Episode: Free Goat (2005)
Nancy is having serious money problems, so Doug, her accountant and best customer, suggests she set up a "front business"; meanwhile Nancy has to give Heylia her SUV and her wedding ring as collateral for more supply; Celia sends Quinn away to boarding school because of what she captured on the nanny-cam, making Silas miserable; Shane watches an old video of his Dad from his 10th birthday; Celia pays Dean back for humiliating her, then she confronts Helen, the tennis pro.
670.	The O.C. (2003 TV Series)
Ryan Atwood is a troubled teenage youth from the wrong side of the tracks in Los Angeles who finds himself on his own, after he is thrown out of his own house. He finds a place to stay in the posh home of the Cohens in the wealthy community of Newport Beach, the O.C. (Orange County), California. Ryan is accepted by the stern but compassionate Sandford "Sandy" Cohen, a lawyer who has represented Ryan in the past for his misdeeds. But Sandy's wife, Kirsten, aware of Ryan's criminal history, is wary of this new house guest. The Cohen's son, Seth, bonds with Ryan quickly and shows him the ropes of the community -- and vice-versa with Ryan giving advice to Seth about life and love. Ryan develops a crush on Marissa Cooper, a neighbor girl who lives down the street, and he has problems with her not-so-sheltered existence in dealing with her distant father Jimmy and her weak-willed mother Julie. Also, Marissa's best friend, Summer, is oblivious to the crush that Seth has on her, while taking a liking to Ryan. And so begins a new life for Ryan, the Cohens, the Coopers, and generally everyone else in the wealthy, picturesque, secretive, turbulent community in Orange County.
671.	The O.C. (2003 TV Series)
Episode: The Earth Girls Are Easy (2006)
Ryan has a New Year's Eve surprise for semi-girl-friend Taylor, a trip to Las Vegas, while she went for sexy lingerie. Spoiled, moody Summer rages at 'immature' Seth for having made no particular festive plans; after encouragement from dad, who has urgent court business himself, his plan B is to beg eternal last resort Ryan to take them along, promising to pay for the best room Cohen money can buy. Just before the trip, Taylor begins to wonder whether Summer may be pregnant from her recent trysts with Seth, while he discovers the home pregnancy test in Taylor's purse and jumps to the wrong conclusion, while panicking Taylor pretends to Ryan she's the mother-to-be. Things take another turn for the worse when Taylor's purse is stolen and the four of them end up at a rave populated by people dressed up as aliens to search for the purse snatcher. Back in Newport, Gordon Bullitt invites reluctant Julie to his New Year's Eve Blast Off party, while a mysterious man there, who calls himself Frank, may cause some trouble with Julie over her and Kirsten's dating service New Match, the illegal 'escort' branch of which she agreed with her partner, Gordon's studly son Spencer, to shut down but only after making $40,000 from the festive Clientele. Meanwhile, bored Kaitlyn Cooper ponders her well being.
672.	The O.C. (2003 TV Series)
Episode: The Distance (2004)
It's been three months since Ryan left to live with the pregnant Theresa in Chino, and Seth subsequently sailed off to Portland to live with Luke and his divorced, gay father. With one week before school will start, Kirsten is furious that Sandy has yet to bring Seth back to Newport. Sandy says that they can't bring him back kicking and screaming, because that will only make him want to run away again. Also in the Cohen household, there's a group of re-modelers led by macho man Archie, creating a new family room and re-designed kitchen, a project that apparently was used to distract Kirsten from going from having two sons in the house, to none. Meanwhile, Summer tells Marissa that she's been hanging out with a new kid, but refuses to get close to him, saying she'll never get close to a boy again. Marissa knows just how she feels. She misses Ryan but just can't bring herself to call him to see how he's doing. Caleb's paranoia about being indicted is growing all summer long. Back at the Cohen household, Kirsten calls Seth in Portland and begs him to come home. Seth refuses, saying Newport is an awful place. Sandy decides to fly to Portland to possibly use reverse psychology to convince Seth to come home. He also visits Ryan in Chino to deliver him a plane ticket to Portland, thinking maybe the two could deliver an unbeatable one-two punch combination. It's apparent to everyone in Chino, including Theresa, that Ryan is miserable, and doesn't consider it to be his home anymore. Before heading up to Portland, Sandy speaks with Caleb in a parking garage, as Cal is paranoid his home, the office, and other places might be bugged and the phone lines tapped. Once in Portland, Sandy is shocked to see the level of hostility Seth shows his father. Seth seems content to stay in Portland, and continuing to resent his parents for letting Ryan go, and Ryan for leaving. Back in Newport, Jimmy and Marissa join Kirsten for dinner to keep her company, and Marissa goes into the pool house further fueling her missing Ryan. Sitting on the beach that night, she calls Ryan in Chino, but can't bring herself to say anything, so he lays there listening to her breathe, knowing it's her. Julie tells Marissa she's grounded because she's sick of being ignored. Marissa has a meltdown screaming, crying, and throwing lawn furniture into the pool unable to stand anymore of her evil mother or her evil stepfather. Summer visits the Cohen household with a box of Seth's stuff, telling Kirsten she's there to get rid of anything that ever reminded her of Seth. She dumps the box on the bed, and leaves. Later, just before Sandy leaves Portland he tells Seth that he's fine with him staying in Portland, as long as he knows he's safe and happy. As Sandy is leaving, Ryan is showing up, making his best attempt to convince Seth to go back. It doesn't seem to work until Theresa calls Ryan at Luke's house, and tells him she's lost the baby, saying the doctor couldn't find a heartbeat. Theresa's mother later reveals that Theresa was lying, and she never lost the baby. It's the next morning as Ryan is to leave that the two, Seth and Ryan, decide maybe going back to Newport would be the best thing for the both of them-and the two return to the Cohen household.
673.	The O.C. (2003 TV Series)
Episode: The End of Innocence (2005)
After all their ups and downs and despite being told to stay away from each other, Ryan and Marissa finally seem to get along and get very intimate. Meanwhile, Jimmy is short on money again and this time, a punch in the face is not going to clear things up. Kirsten has decided what' best for her, while Charlotte has an ulterior motive for Kirsten when she's evicted from her house.
674.	The O.C. (2003 TV Series)
Episode: The New Kids on the Block (2004)
Caleb spends the night in jail until Sandy bails him out, and all of Orange Country finds out about his troubles via a front page newspaper spread. Seth realizes that he really does make everything about him, as Summer previously suggested, so he decides that he needs to become selfless, for the greater good of man, and just in case Summer might want him back. He decides to get tickets to a Walkmen show at The Bait Shop, but they're sold out. So he accepts a manual labor job at from the co-manager, a punk rock princess by the name of Alex, of cleaning toilets to be rewarded tickets so that he can give them to Summer and Zack to prove his selflessness to her. Summer realizes that Zack is the perfect guy, though he may not be perfect for her, and agrees to arrange a lunch where Zack can meet her Dad, hoping it will go better than when Seth met him last year. Ryan gets assigned a lab partner in his AP Physics class, a new girl named Lindsey, though he's already met her. Earlier that day he had spilled coffee all over her shirt, accidentally slammed his elbow into her nose and spilled the belongings in her purse all over the floor. They are less than thrilled to be working together, but are forced nonetheless. They are given their first assignment, an assignment they are to work on together, but Lindsey distrusts Ryan's level of smarts, assuming he's another dumb, rich kid from Orange Country, and hands the assignment in without consulting Ryan or letting him contribute in the slightest. Kirsten, Sandy, Julie, and Caleb are all fretting over Caleb's current state, and what it is to come if he does get sent to jail. But Sandy is hot on the trail of finding ways to get Caleb out of hot water. And Sandy has plenty of time to deal with the matter now that he has quit his job at his top law firm; because the partners agreed that as long as he was representing Caleb, he wasn't working there. Later, Seth finds out this his new boss, tough girl Alex, is only 17, got kicked out of three different high schools and her parents' house. He earns the tickets, and gives them to Summer, but Zack convinces her to go to the concert alone, see Seth and talk about their status. Everything is going fine and a friendship is forming, until he tries to kiss her, and ruins it all. Caleb announces to Kirsten and Sandy that he will be stepping down from his position in the Newport Group, and appointing a new CEO-Julie. Kirsten is furious, and quits, saying she refuses to have Julie as her boss. Caleb convinces her to come back, saying it's just a figure-head position, and Kirsten will continue to run the show as Chief Financial Officer. Seth goes to talk to Marissa about his problems with Summer, because he's burned out anyone else who was willing to listen. She tells him it would be best just to apologize if he really wants a friendship with her. He shows up at the restaurant where she's having lunch with her father, but is crushed to see Zack also joining them, and having an enjoyable time. Meanwhile, Marissa sees Ryan at Harbor doing his Physics homework with Lindsey, laughing, flirting, and smiling. Turns out, Seth and Marissa are floating in the same boat of loneliness and making several attempts of not sinking.
675.	The O.C. (2003 TV Series)
Episode: The Way We Were (2004)
Seth tries to convince Ryan to stay home from the first day of school, so as to avoid having to see Summer, the person, who he has yet to talk to since being back in Newport. Ryan tells Seth just to apologize, before Seth drags it out that he has yet to talk to Marissa either. The re-modeling continues to invade the Cohen household, and the re-modelers continue to get in everyone's way. Archie, the head re-modeler, agrees to take Seth and Ryan to school via the back of his truck, as Sandy and Kirsten both have to leave early to get to work. Upon hopping out of the back of Archie's truck, Seth and Ryan immediately lay their eyes upon Marissa and Summer. Marissa runs up to Ryan to hug him, as Summer walks away, completely avoiding Seth. Seth catches up with Summer, she talks to him just long enough to tell him she has a ew "boyfriend." Hailey, Kirsten's sister and Jimmy's new girlfriend, learns of a great job opportunity-in Japan. She jumps at the chance to take the job, as it may lead to a new, amazing career for her, despite her having to leave Jimmy to live on his yacht alone. Ryan gets his new schedule from the guidance counselor at Harbor High, but she pushes him to choose classes more suitable for him, and classes that will best prepare him for college. She gives him an assignment, to take a small notebook and write down everything he likes about his classes, everything he doesn't like, and why. Still at school, Seth decides to start a Comic Book Club at school, and asks Ryan to pass out fliers for him. Summer takes Marissa back to her house to pick up her car, and they see DJ, the Cooper-Nichol household's yard guy doing some hedge work along the driveway. It is then revealed that DJ and Marissa have been an item all summer, as the two kiss and make-out in her bedroom. Marissa spikes her Latte at school, and Summer learns about her summer-long tryst with DJ. Elsewhere, Seth and Ryan commence the first Comic Book Club meeting, only to be joined by Zack, a water polo player. Seth immediately strikes up a friendship with Zack over there shared love of comic books, up until Seth finds out that it is Zack that is Summer's new boyfriend. Seth is outraged that Summer is dating the water-polo-playing version of him. Later, Caleb tells Sandy that the D.A. has finally come up with enough evidence to charge him with bribing certain city officials. Sandy has to tell Julie that Caleb will be indicted, and she warns Sandy that he had better figure out a way to save Cal, or it won't be just her kids that will be left with nothing. Back in the Cohen household, Ryan gets bored and begins drawing architecture sketches of the Cohen's family room and kitchen, and realizes why it is that Archie and his crew are taking so long to finish the job. It's the sketches Ryan drew that help his guidance counselor to realize that being in some advanced math and science classes are what are going to help him be excepted to a college where he can major in architecture. Harbor's annual Kick Off Carnival is just around the corner, and Seth is dateless, Summer is going with Zack, and Ryan has asked Marissa to go. That was until he sees her kissing DJ in her driveway as he was pulling in. He confronts her at the carnival, but she feels she has done nothing wrong. Meanwhile at the carnival, Seth tries to climb on top of a hot dog stand as another grand romantic gesture to win Summer back. His plan fails, and in a later confrontation Summer tells Seth he doesn't like her, he likes the chase, and says at that point, there's nothing he can do to win her. He had his chance, he sailed away, and he lost her. But Seth is determined, and he refuses to let go. The lads return back to the Cohen house, where Kirsten, Caleb, and Sandy are eating Chinese takeout, just as the D.A. shows up to finally arrest Caleb.
676.	The O.C. (2003 TV Series)
Episode: The Graduates (2006)
The end of senior year is finally here, bringing the excitement of graduation and the anticipation of new lives in college and beyond. But for Seth, Ryan, Marissa and Summer, it's also a time to look back on the amazing journey that has brought the four of them this far. Seth must confront his recent misdeeds or deal with the wrath of Sandy - and the police. Ryan's proud mom arrives with a surprise for him. Marissa receives an astounding proposal that may radically change her plans. And Summer, facing the prospect of going away without Seth, can't stop crying and hugging her best friends as they say their farewells. But amidst the speeches and toasts, nothing is ever simple in Newport. Sandy shocks Kirsten by making a big decision after visiting his old Public Defender's office. Kaitlin returns and moves into Julie's home, vowing to become the next Cooper to rule Harbor High. And to Taylor's joy, the "core four" turns into the "fab five." However, although the kids may be ready to move on to bright futures, unresolved issues from their past could ruin everything on "The Graduates" episode of THE O.C.
677.	Crazy Ex-Girlfriend (2015 TV Series)
Episode: Josh's Girlfriend Is Really Cool! (2015)
Rebecca and her new best friend Paula go on a search for Josh, frequenting where he is known to go, while Paula discloses why she feels a connection to Rebecca. Their joint focus on Rebecca's love life may pose problems at work, that is unless Rebecca can show that her Harvard law degree is worth its reputation. Their new BFF status is threatened when Rebecca does eventually run into Josh, his girlfriend Valencia, and by happenstance Greg while she is out alone without Paula. Despite Josh's coded message to her not to get too close and not to disclose the nature of their summer together, Rebecca does whatever she can to get to know Valencia to get closer to Josh. What she learns about Valencia besides being a beautiful woman, is that she is a yoga instructor, is controlling, is jealous by nature, and has no women friends in her belief that other women find her too threatening. Rebecca also eventually learns that Josh and Valencia have been a couple for a long time, even before Rebecca met Josh at summer camp, that time when Josh considers he and Valencia to be on a break. Rebecca will have a difficult task in breaking through Valencia's guarded but well attired exterior, while not alienating Josh in the process. Through it all, Greg watches it unfold while having mixed feelings about his own pursuit of Rebecca.
678.	Crazy Ex-Girlfriend (2015 TV Series)
Episode: I'm So Happy That Josh Is So Happy! (2015)
Paula is irked that Rebecca spent Thanksgiving with Greg instead of Josh, and that she is happy about Josh and Valencia moving in together, Rebecca having even bought them the meaningful house warming gift of a rice cooker to bridge their two cultures. But an incident makes Rebecca come to the realization that she isn't really as happy about Josh and Valencia as she had made out. Against the advice of the hallucination of Dr. Phil, Rebecca decides the best way to make herself feel better is to self-medicate. As she threw away all her prescription anti-anxiety medications, she does whatever she needs to to get whatever drugs she can to replace those, which may end up getting her into deeper trouble. Her anxiety issues come at a bad time professionally as Calvin Young, the biggest potential client Whitefeather has ever had, is in southern California from his hometown of Tuscon specifically on a real estate lawyer shopping trip. But it may be Paula, and not Rebecca, who could be the clincher for Whitefeather getting the business. Regardless of the poor state of her marriage and being attracted to Calvin, Paula may have to decide how far she will go with Calvin irrespective of the business implication. Meanwhile, Josh wants to take some initiative in giving Valencia a surprise gift of furniture, more specifically a dining room table. Josh does this is against the advice of his friends, who know that whatever Josh picks out will not be what opinionated and picky Valencia will want.
679.	Beverly Hills, 90210 (1990 TV Series)
Episode: Midlife... Now What? (1993)
Brenda, Kelly, and their mothers Cindy and Jackie, as well as Donna and Andrea enjoy a good life for the weekend at a posh health spa, until Brenda overhears a conversation about Kelly's step dad's unfaithfulness to Jackie. Meanwhile, Jim questions his mid-life crisis with his secretary Dottie and a best-selling author on the subject. Dylan finds two separate fantasies about a future with Brenda and Kelly not fulfilling. Also, Brandon starts gambling on basketball games with Nat's bookmaker Duke.
680.	Beverly Hills, 90210 (1990 TV Series)
Episode: The Real McCoy (1995)
Hypnotic regression leads Dylan to a past life where he is Billy McCoy, a gun-slinging outlaw in the Wild West, until he meets an upper-class woman (in the form of Kelly) to redeem his outlaw ways. Meanwhile in the real world, while Kelly goes to New York with Steve to meet with modeling agencies, Valerie turns her sights on Brandon who is hoping to be re-elected student body president. But Brandon runs into all kinds of problems when news of college tuition for undergraduates will be increased, he is criticized for not looking after the students best interests. As a result, Brandon's political rival, Alex Diaz, enters the race as a new candidate and wins by a landslide.
681.	Beverly Hills, 90210 (1990 TV Series)
Episode: Spring Breakdown (1997)
Brandon and Tracy arrive in Hong Kong for Spring Break to visit Jim Walsh residing at his apartment, minus Cindy Walsh (who is supposedly visiting Brenda in England). Jim and Tracy get along fine, while he senses something off and queries with Brandon about his hidden feelings for Kelly as well as where Brandon really stands on his relationship with Tracy. Back in Beverly Hills, Donna and her uptight mother, Felice, argue about what's best for Dr. Martin pending his release from the hospital and David tries to cool down the conflict. Meanwhile, Valerie becomes jealous after Rob's agent, Alan, pairs him with an actress/client for publicity reasons at a party that she throws at the After Dark where the rock group Barenaked Ladies are performing, and a lonely Kelly drowns her sorrows with hard liquor.
682.	Beverly Hills, 90210 (1990 TV Series)
Episode: Graduation Day: Part 1 (1997)
On the day before commencement, Kelly becomes determined to oust Valerie from the Walsh house (and out of town) and pressures Brandon to do so. Meanwhile, Donna decides it's time to move up to a new level of romance with David after getting advice from her grandmother. Steve plans to pull the "best senior prank" ever with some help from his frat brother, Muntz, as well as David.
683.	The Perks of Being a Wallflower (2012)
Based on the novel written by Stephen Chbosky, this is about 15-year-old Charlie (Logan Lerman), an endearing and naive outsider, coping with first love (Emma Watson), the suicide of his best friend, and his own mental illness while struggling to find a group of people with whom he belongs. The introvert freshman is taken under the wings of two seniors, Sam and Patrick, who welcome him to the real world.
Charlie is a shy teenager without friends that has just joined the high-school. He misses his best friend, who had committed suicide, and he writes letters to an imaginary friend telling his feelings. Further, Charlie has a mental illness problem in his past. Soon Charlie befriends the veterans Patrick, who is gay, and his stepsister Sam and they become best friends. Charlie wants to be a writer and he also becomes the favorite student of his teacher of literature, Mr. Anderson, who lends him books. Sam and Patrick introduce Charlie to their friends and Charlie falls in love with Sam, but he does not have self-confidence to date her. Charlie discovers a new world and feels happy with his friends, and he dates their common friend Mary Elizabeth. But when they end their relationship, Patrick asks Charlie to stay away from them for a while and soon he triggers his mental illness again. He goes to the hospital where a doctor finally discloses the origin of his problem.
684.	Deadwood (2004 TV Series)
Episode: The Whores Can Come (2005)
A pall has descended on the Deadwood camp as it's the day for William Bullock's funeral. Most of the townsfolk attend and pay their respects, even the whores from the Gem. Andy Cramed, who had brought smallpox to the camp but survived, has returned and is now a preacher. His old partner Cy Tolliver isn't buying it but Andy has offered to officiate at the burial and the Bullocks agree. Martha seems intent on leaving Deadwood but Seth would like to reconsider. Al continues to negotiate with the Commissioner, trying to get the best deal for himself and his allies as possible. He takes Wu into protective custody of a sort after he gets into a argument with Mr. Lee who has brought Chinese whores to the camp. Wu thinks that Swearengen no longer supports him and causes trouble.
685.	Bridget Jones: The Edge of Reason (2004)
Though Bridget is happily ensconced in the arms of the lovely Mark Darcy her petty jealousies are starting to get the best of her, and their relationship. Chief among these is her suspicions about Mark's long-legged intern, who, on top of being gorgeous, has a knack for doing everything right. To make matters worse Bridget's old fling, and former boss, Daniel Cleaver, arrives on the scene.
686.	Steve Jobs (2015)
qv##nm0423418## is largely the iconic name and face of Apple Computers, a company he co-founded. He always wants to be in control, in large part an outcome of his childhood, where he knows his biological mother willingly gave him up for adoption. That control often places him at odds with those around him, about which he doesn't care as long as he gets what he wants at the end, including a closed end system for each of his products to maintain his vision rather than users being able to transform his products for their own wants. The state of his life is presented at three specific times, on the day of preparation for the launch of three different products, each for which he is the lead: in 1984 for the Macintosh computer, it being the first new product for Apple since the debut its most successful product, the Apple II, seven years earlier; in 1988 for the NeXT computer, which Jobs outwardly is more concerned about the integrity of the perfect black cube design than its unknown capabilities, but for which he secretly has a specific end goal; and in 1998 for the iMac computer. The significant people in Jobs' life are also presented, they who are at the three launches, if not in person than in direct spirit to the proceedings: qv##nm0941967##, Apple's other co-founder who sees himself more as the nuts and bolts man compared to Jobs being the big picture man, with Wozniak wanting as much of a focus on Apple's successful brand as opposed to Jobs' want to focus purely on his product being launched; Joanna Hoffman, his ethnic-Polish head of marketing for each of the three launches, and who acts as much as his mother figure and his moral center; qv##nm0780249##, Apple's CEO who is more concerned about meeting the wants of the Board and the shareholders than Jobs'; qv##nm0381115##, one of the two Andy's, who is chief engineer for the Mac and who needs to meet Jobs' every whim for the product, even if he feels it cannot be done; and Lisa Brennan, who the courts deem to be his biological daughter, a claim which he tried to deny largely to spite Lisa's mother, Chrisann Brennan, whose every action, in Jobs' mind, is for her own best interest as opposed to Lisa's as she claims.
687.	Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt (2015 TV Series)
After being rescued from an underground bunker in which she lived the past 15 years, Kimmy Schmidt decides to move to New York to have a normal life. She makes friends with her new roommate Titus, and works as a babysitter for Jacqueline Voorhees, the wife of a billionaire with many issues. Even though many obstacles are thrown her way, Kimmy makes the best of her new life while having to adapt to the new world around her.
688.	Red Dwarf (1988 TV Series)
Episode: Out of Time (1993)
Starbug enters a fog in space containing devices that create false realities, where the crew find a time machine, where they meet themselves 15 years in the future and engage in a space battle, when they learn their future selves are corrupt time travelers who are experiencing the very best of history.
689.	The Notebook (2004)
In a nursing home, resident Duke reads a romance story for an old woman who has senile dementia with memory loss. In the late 1930s, wealthy seventeen year-old Allie Hamilton is spending summer vacation in Seabrook. Local worker Noah Calhoun meets Allie at a carnival and they soon fall in love with each other. One day, Noah brings Allie to an ancient house that he dreams of buying and restoring and they attempt to make love but get interrupted by their friend. Allie's parents do not approve of their romance since Noah belongs to another social class, and they move to New York with her. Noah writes 365 letters (A Year) to Allie, but her mother Anne Hamilton does not deliver them to her daughter. Three years later, the United States joins the World War II and Noah and his best friend Fin enlist in the army, and Allie works as an army nurse. She meets injured soldier Lon Hammond in the hospital. After the war, they meet each other again going on dates and then, Lon, who is wealthy and handsome, proposes. Meanwhile Noah buys and restores the old house and many people want to buy it. When Allie accidentally sees the photo of Noah and his house in a newspaper, she feels divided between her first love and her commitment with Lon. Meanwhile Duke stops reading to the old lady since his children are visiting him in the nursing home.
690.	Full House (1987 TV Series)
This is a story about a sports broadcaster later turned morning talk show host Danny Tanner and his three little girls, D.J. (Donna Jo), Stephanie and Michelle Tanner. Before the show begins, Danny Tanner's wife is killed by a drunk driver. So he needs help raising his three little girls. He asks his rock musician brother-in-law, Jesse Katsopolis, and his comedian best friend, Joey Gladstone, to move in with them. As the show goes on, Jesse gets married to Rebecca Donaldson, Danny's co host of the talk show. The two have kids of their own, who are twins, Alexander and Nicholas Katsopolis. However, the show is about what happens as the story is going on.
691.	Full House (1987 TV Series)
Episode: The Long Goodbye (1992)
Danny is distraught over Vicky's move to Chicago and his loneliness without her. Meanwhile, Michelle is excited to start first grade, until she learns that her best friend, Teddy, is moving to Amarillo, Texas. She decides that her best course of action is to hold Teddy hostage so that he cannot leave her.
692.	Full House (1987 TV Series)
Episode: Unaired Pilot (1987)
After the death of Danny Tanner's wife, he calls upon his brother-in-law, Jesse, and his best friend, Joey, to help take care of his three daughters, Donna Joe "D.J.", Stephanie, and Michelle Tanner. Little do they know, they're in for more than what they bargained for.
693.	Full House (1987 TV Series)
Episode: 13 Candles (1990)
DJ turns 13 and is very excited about her first birthday party as a teenager. She has an eye on a boy her age named Kevin, who seems very nervous around her. Kimmy thinks that the best way to get them together is to arrange a scheme spin-the-bottle game in which DJ is sure to kiss Kevin. DJ is embarrassed when Danny, Joey and Jesse, who have been ease-dropping on the party, barge into the living room, in time to stop the kiss.
694.	Full House (1987 TV Series)
Episode: Stephanie Gets Framed (1991)
Steve Urkel comes to town. He helps Stephanie deal with her new glasses, but when she takes all of Joey's funny glasses and disrupts the class with them, she realizes she took it too far. Jesse is also having trouble deciding a best man for his wedding.
695.	A Girl Like Her (2015)
16 year old Jessica Burns has a secret that she's afraid to share with anyone - except her best friend, Brian Slater. For the past year she's been victimized by another girl - her former friend, Avery Keller, one of South Brookdale High School's most popular and beautiful students. What can you do when the world sees the image of a person but not the reality? With Brian's help and a hidden digital camera, the evidence of Avery's relentless harassment is captured and finally exposed-bringing both girls and their families face to face with the truth.
696.	American Dad! (2005 TV Series)
The misadventures of Stan Smith and his wacky family. Stan: Stan works for the CIA, and is constantly on the look-out for terrorists. He loves his family and will do anything to protect them, and his country. Francine: Stan's wife, she has had a past life of drugs, but has carefully hidden her party-girl personality for the sake of the conservative man she loves. She met Stan after college. Hayley: The teenage daughter of the family, currently attending community college. Despite her father's best efforts, she has turned out to be a left-wing liberal. Stan loves his daughter, but that doesn't necessarily mean he trusts her. Steve: The dorky son, he tries to act cool, but fails. Steve is on the verge of puberty - but he just can't quite make it. His low social status sometimes leads him to taking drastic action - but no matter what he does, he's still just a dork. Roger: A sarcastic alien rescued by Stan from Area 51, he resents not being allowed to leave the house, so he's resorted to drinking wine and smoking cigarettes. And Klaus: A German-talking goldfish, he was a CIA experiment that went horribly wrong when they tried transplanting a German man's brain into a goldfish. Klaus lusts after Francine, and will take any opportunity that comes his way.
697.	American Dad! (2005 TV Series)
Episode: The Life Aquatic with Steve Smith (2016)
Steve is desperate to date a girl and determines the best way is to become a varsity athlete. Steve tries out for the water polo team but fails. Klaus agrees to help Steve become better and hides in Steve's trunks so that he can guide Steve's swimming. Steve makes the team and with Klaus's help becomes a water polo superstar. Meanwhile, Stan and Roger buy a boat and attempt to live a boat-guy lifestyle.
698.	American Dad! (2005 TV Series)
Episode: Garfield and Friends (2016)
To celebrate President's Day, Stan takes Hayley to the James Garfield museum. Hayley is bored and says she couldn't care less about history. Stan uses material at the museum to clone Garfield so that he can come to life and teach Hayley about American history. Hayley and Garfield become best friends and Hayley shares with him the marvels of the modern world. Meanwhile, Steve becomes the most popular reporter on the school newspaper.
699.	American Dad! (2005 TV Series)
Episode: Roger 'n' Me (2006)
Stan and Roger become best friends in Atlantic City, taking their friendship to a whole new, unexpected level, when Roger absorbs all of Stan's memories. Meanwhile, Hayley and Steve conspire to break up a good-looking couple so that they can date the two.
700.	American Dad! (2005 TV Series)
Episode: The Worst Stan (2011)
When Stan realizes that he might never fulfill his dream of becoming a Best Man, he convinces his last single friend, Principal Lewis, to marry the school's Superintendent and to choose him as his Best Man. Stan invites Lewis' old friend from prison to the wedding, only to discover a secret that could prevent the wedding from happening at all. Meanwhile, Roger finds the perfect pair of shorts, and an encounter with Ricky Martin makes him question his self-confidence.
701.	American Dad! (2005 TV Series)
Episode: Stanny Boy and Frantastic (2011)
When Stan and Francine meet a young couple, Tom and Cami, their predictable lives get a shot of adrenaline as they do their best to keep up with the younger couple's crazy and adventurous lifestyle. But it isn't long before Stan and Francine struggle to keep up and come up with a plan to slow Tom and Cami down permanently.
702.	Oz (1997 TV Series)
Episode: Medium Rare (2001)
Six months have passed. Said was acquitted of Adebisi's murder on grounds of self-defense. "Up Your Ante," a game show, has joined Miss Sally in the prisoner's TV lineup. McManus and Glynn have done their best to keep the events leading up to Adebisi's death a secret. News producer Lisa Logan tours Oz in preparation for the arrival of hard-hitting reporter Jack Eldridge, who will also be spending a night with the new inmate the cameras will follow around on his first day. That man is Omar White, a jittery, homophobic addict fiending for drugs. Busmalis drives the cameras away. After an interview with Beecher Lisa considers focusing the piece on his struggles in Oz. Beecher taunts Keller and Ryan with on camera hints of their involvement in the murders; Keller threatens Ryan when Ryan wants to deal with Beecher; Pete dodges questions; Tidd interrupts a tense moment between Lisa and Vern. After a mention of Adebisi's drug-and-sex videotapes by Poet, Lisa decides to make the piece about the mystery surrounding his final days. Eldridge arrives, digging for information on Ryan after Ryan hints at their past connection. Eldridge blindsides Said with questions about his part in Adebisi's death. Worried about damage to Em City and his and Glynn's careers, Tim points Lisa toward the man he blames: Querns, who kept quiet in exchange for Glynn keeping quiet over his unethical methods. Per Glynn's advice, Querns turns down requests for an interview; per Querns' advice, Glynn destroys the tapes. Glynn and Jack have an off-the-record conversation, leading Eldridge to realize Glynn was a good man caught up in a situation he couldn't control. Jack cancels the Adebisi story. Offering him a constant supply of drugs, Ryan manipulates White into helping him settle an old score against Eldridge. Unfortunately, White tries to attack Eldridge directly in front of the guards. White goes to solitary. Eldridge chooses Cyril for his podmate, sensing good story potential. Cyril, who hasn't been taking his medication, remembers Eldridge and blames him for his mother getting cancer (Eldridge did a piece on Ryan on Cyril when they were in charge of their local Irish gang, painting them as monsters. Their mother developed and died from cancer not long afterward.). Cyril beats Eldridge to a pulp. As he recovers from serious injuries, the network decides to cancel the piece on Oz. Lisa resigns in protest.
703.	Love Actually (2003)
Against the backdrop of aged has-been rock star Billy Mack's Christmas themed comeback cover of "Love Is All Around" which he knows is crap and makes no bones about it much to his manager Joe's chagrin as he promotes the record, several interrelated stories about romantic love and the obstacles to happiness through love for Londoners are presented in the five weeks preceding Christmas. Daniel's wife has just passed away, leaving him to take care of his adolescent stepson Sam by himself. Daniel is uncertain how to deal with Sam and his problems without his wife present, especially in light of a potential budding romance within their household. Juliet and Peter have just gotten married. They believe that Peter's best friend and best man Mark hates Juliet but won't say so to his or her face. Others looking at the situation from the outside believe Mark is jealous of Juliet as he is in love with Peter himself. Jamie, a writer, is taking a writing retreat by himself in rural France following catching his latest girlfriend in an indiscretion. Jamie ends up spending much time in France with Aurzalia, the Portuguese woman hired as the housekeeper. The question becomes not only if they can communicate their day-to-day needs with each other as she speaks no English, he speaks no Portuguese, and neither speaks French well, but communicate what seems to be their increasing mutual attraction to each other. Sarah has been in love with her co-worker Karl for the two years they have worked together, this attraction which everyone in their workplace knows about. Sarah has to decide if she can be forward enough to express this love directly to Karl, especially in light of what has been her personal priority of dealing with a family issue. Harry and Karen have been in a stable long term marriage. His new assistant Mia drops hints to him that she would like them to be romantically involved. Harry has to decide whether to fall to the temptation, especially considering being married to a perceptive wife. Single and relatively young David is the newly elected Prime Minister. At 10 Downing Street, he is attracted to one of the new household servants, slightly overweight Natalie, but isn't sure what to do about it seeing as to their respective positions, the probable public scrutiny, and an incident involving the visiting U.S. President. Socially unaware Colin believes that the lack of romantic love in his life is all the fault of standoffish British women. As such, he decides to take decisive albeit somewhat unusual geographic action. And John and Judy are movie body doubles. They can communicate with each other straightforwardly while they are simulating sex filming a movie, but they may not be able to translate the feelings behind that simulation in real life to each other.
Love is all around us. And that's certainly true for all of these people. John and Just Judy have fallen in love with each other while on the set of an erotically charged film. David has just become the new Prime Minister. The second he steps into his office/home, he is smitten with Natalie, his catering manager who had already screwed up at the first minute. David's sister is Karen, who's married to Harry, who runs a local magazine. Harry is somewhat smitten by his secretary, Mia, who is constantly hitting on him. Harry's best editor is Sarah, who has a brother in the asylum and a not-so-hidden crush on Karl, who has a thing for her as well. Karen is friends with both Daniel, who has just lost his wife and has discovered that his stepson is in love with a young American girl, and Jamie, whose girlfriend has just left him for his younger and more attractive brother, forcing him to move to France to continue writing his novel while falling for Aurelia, a young Portuguese woman who can't speak a lick of English or French. Juliet has just married Peter, not realizing that his best friend Mark has loved her since they first met. Colin is desperate to have sex and believes that in order to do that, he should travel to Wisconsin because he thinks that American women will dig him for being British. And Billy Mack, an old rocker who is climbing back up the charts after battling his old heroin addiction, is on the radio and TV shows either bad-mouthing his new CD, insulting his manager, Joe, or a hot new boy band, or calling Britney Spears the worst sex he's ever had. Are you still following along?
Set almost entirely in London, England during five frantic weeks before Christmas follows a web-like pattern of inter-related, loosely related and unrelated stories of a dozen or more various individuals with their love lives, or lack of them. The central character is the new bachelor prime minister David who cannot express his growing feelings for his new personal assistant Natalie. The prime minister's older sister Karen slowly grows aware of her husband Harry's flirtation with an office worker named Mia. Karen's friend Daniel is a recently widowed writer whose 11-year-old son asks for love advice about a girl he has a crush on. Meanwhile, Jamie is another writer who leaves his girlfriend after catching her cheating on him and travels to France to write a novel where he pursues a possible romance with his non-English speaking Portuguese maid Aurelia. Also, Harry's American secretary Sarah questions a romance she pursues with the office hunk Karl, but her personal family problems get in the way. Other secondary characters involve a photographer who pursues his best friend's new wife Juliet; a pair of movie stand-ins, named John and Judy, who grow closer after their simulated love scenes; a libidinous chum who wants to travel to Wisconsin, USA to score with women; and a burned-out former rock star named Billy Mack who is the main connection between all stories involved.
704.	Stargate SG-1 (1997 TV Series)
Episode: Camelot (2006)
Since the weapon Merlin once devised against ascended beings seems the human race's best change to resist or even defeat the Ori, SG-1 travels by stargate to a medieval society in a place called Camelot where the local Arthur epic (differerent from earth's romanticized traditions) confirms its location should be found in a forbidden library guarded by a Black knight. When they are beamed up to earth's super-star-ships about to try stopping the Ori-fleet passing a super-gate, Daniel and colonel Mitchell decide to have themselves beamed back inside the library, but on neither front things go as expected...
705.	Stargate SG-1 (1997 TV Series)
Episode: Thor's Chariot (1998)
When star-base learns the planet Cimmeria fell under its first goa'uld (Etin in the Norse vocabulary) attack in ages, SG-1 insists to return there, feeling utterly guilty as Teal'c destroyed its protection, Thor's hammer, in order to get back alive themselves. They soon find their friend Gairwyn, who shows them Kindra's grave, by Norse tradition fitted with her favorite possessions, which prove fascinating, including a golden goa'uld 'divine control' glove which actually works on Sam's hand, presumably the result of the Tokra Jolinar's temporary presence in her body, although badly controlled due to lack of experience. The attackers came in pyramid ships with Heru'ur, a particularly feared warlord, son of the late Ra and Horus, all Egyptian gods, and already killed half of the Norse, but even larger ships must be expected, too much to blow up even with all their C4. Their best hope is the hall of Thor's might, where his mythical power would according to tradition be stored, another of Thor's high-technological hologram-homes, which submits them to tricky tests, worst and yet best for acrophobic Daniel. At the end, they have a surprisingly disappointing meeting, with an even more surprising final twist...
706.	Stargate SG-1 (1997 TV Series)
Episode: The Shroud (2007)
Daniel Jackson, who was left behind fighting off Adria while the other SG1-members escaped through the Stargate, is found working as a Prior: the best in the business, who doesn't need to use any threats to talk people into conversion to Origin. Hoping there is still some of his personality left, the team (plus General Jack O'Neill) kidnaps him. Daniel explains how he temporarily has Merlin's personality and knowledge in himself, and had deliberately allowed Adria to turn him into a Prior, while delaying to finish Merlin's weapon she'd wanted, meanwhile hoping to get an Ori ship for Earth's side. But time is running out, since the team took unexpectedly long to capture him. Still, the generals, Carter, and Vala are most reluctant to go along with releasing him and opening the wormhole he needs to bring the weapon through. Even the White House wants to kill him, or at best, keep him in stasis until he is reverted to his human nature by Merlin's genetic manipulation. But then his plan is wasted- unless the others can be trained to do it in his place (so only they are at risk, not the entire galaxy in case Daniel is Adria's Trojan Horse). After giving them the necessary information, Daniel suddenly frees himself while Richard Woolsey is with him and takes control of a space ship after beaming up Jack too, just after the others have undertaken their mission to Adria's lair, where Daniel, about to be genetically reverted, arrives just in time to tip the balance in favor of...
707.	Stargate SG-1 (1997 TV Series)
Episode: The Powers That Be (2005)
Vala is bored living at SGC and desperately wants to go on a mission just to have something to do. The prior of the Ori have been identified on 43 planets and she suggests to Mitchell that they go to P8X412, a planet where she is known and has some influence. Not surprisingly, she hasn't been entirely truthful - the locals think she is a Goa'uld god and the main reason for wanting to return there is to collect the relics, all valuable, that the locals had given her. The Ori have already had an impact on some of the residents and Daniel thinks the best way to show them that false gods exist is for Vala to tell them the truth. That strategy doesn't quite work. Soon after the locals become deathly ill and Daniel and the team have only a very short time to find a solution.
708.	Stargate SG-1 (1997 TV Series)
Episode: Within the Serpent's Grasp (1998)
General Hammond has tried everything to get the senates decision to shut down his space program undone, but the president personally refuses to 'commit political suicide': the Stargate will be buried. Daniel's insistence the danger for earth as a whole outweighs everything convinces his military SG-1 colleagues to ignore the commander general's command and dial the address the goa'ald invasion started from in the parallel dimension he visited. They arrive not on a planet but a new, superior type of starship, already launched by hyper-drive. A 'video' proves it belongs to Apophis, who gives command aboard to his son Klorel, whose host is no other then the team's young Abydos friend Skaara, yet overpowering him seems their best move, while Sam installs explosives in the death glider deck with a 24 hours timer just in case, but Jaffa manage to liberate Klorel and the ship goes far faster then expected...
709.	Stargate SG-1 (1997 TV Series)
Episode: Entity (2001)
After a MALP goes out of remote control, even flying wild, an energy burst during an emergency Stargate shutdown causes serious damage in SGC, and wounds operator Sergeant Harriman; Dr. Frasier keeps SG-1 down for check-ups. It soon becomes clear a 'computer program' has entered trough the wormhole, and is taking over the SGC computer network; even after Sam shuts it down, it reemerges, constantly requiring more memory. It not only 'nests' in a hardware constellation it creates, but even manages to take over Carter's brain, and communicates. It's a non-corporeal life form, whose entire home was damaged by a virus caused by the MALP radio waves, and believes its best survival chance is inside Sam, as the humans won't sacrifice her; true soldier Jack however decides to play hardball...
710.	Stargate SG-1 (1997 TV Series)
Episode: The Tomb (2001)
While exploring a pyramid-like structure known as a ziggurat on P2X-338, the SG-1 team find evidence that the Russians have previously visited the site. There is no entry in any of their logs to that effect and the Russians admit that some of their people may have used the gate without proper authorization. General Hammond has agreed that a Russian team led by Col. Zukhov will accompany SG-1 back to the planet to see if those people could be located. Daniel manages to find away into the ziggurat and they soon find the bodies of the Russians who went there 10 months ago. They also find a Goa'uld sarcophagus. To the best they can determine, the first Russian team released a creature that consumed them but absorbed the Goa'uld's symbiont. When the entrance way collapses, they have to find a way out.
711.	Stargate SG-1 (1997 TV Series)
Episode: A Hundred Days (2000)
While on a distant planet to negotiate a trade agreement, the SG-1 team is invited to watch a meteor shower, what the locals call fire rain. It occurs at the same time every year and is the next best thing to a fireworks display. When one of the meteors comes particularly close to hitting the planet, Sam has a detailed look at what is going on and determines that they are all in danger from meteorite strikes. Most of the population is evacuated to Earth but Jack O'Neill and several locals are trapped when the gate is apparently buried. Back at SGC, Sam Carter thinks she has a way of using the gate and over several months builds the device they will require. On the planet, Jack seems to have accepted that he will never again see Earth. He also begins a relationship with Laira, their leader.
712.	Stargate SG-1 (1997 TV Series)
Episode: Covenant (2004)
Industrialist Alec Colson calls a press conference to announce that the meteor shower of a few months ago was anything but - and that he has proof of the existence of alien life. He gives the government 24 hours to come clean on the true nature of what happened several months before. Sam, who knows Colson slightly, is dispatched to see if she can keep him from going public but it's quickly apparent that there is no way he will comply. The next day, as promised, Colson reveals his evidence - an Asgard. Thor confirms that no Asgards are missing and Daniel conclude that Colson must have produced a clone. Sam suggests that honesty is the best policy and they decide to show Colson just what he SGC has been up to.
713.	Stargate SG-1 (1997 TV Series)
Episode: 1969 (1999)
Through a flaw in star-gate travel, SG-1 lands back in Cheyenne mountain in 1969, only Teal'c Zat prevents them from being incinerated by a Titan rocket launch. They are captured by their own US Air Force, and Carter realizes they can't do or say anything for fear of irreparably altering their own future and thus creating an alternative reality. Yet someone at the base finds on the team an anonymous note to help them - it's Lieutenant George S. Hammond, their future general, who wrote it to his past self and succeeds in allowing them to escape and recuperate their belongings during prisoner transport, so they can search a star-gate to return. The only other help the note offers them are two consecutive dates and exact times. Daniel decides their best chance is meeting Catherine Langford, in New York, without telling the truth or getting caught on the way. While they get a ride from gullible hippies, posing as anti-establishment aliens, Carter realizes the nature of the times: otherwise impossible to predict sun flares...
714.	ER (1994 TV Series)
Episode: Dream Runner (2009)
Neela experiences three different versions of a day depending on her actions: A girl we met in the last episode needs Neela's best judgment in deciding on the best course of action in her case. An advanced sleepwalker who crashed through a window while dreaming he was flying is brought in, and the right decision has to be made about how to diagnose and treat him. Neela has job interviews with top-class hospitals, but does Dubenko really want her to leave? Simon returns from Australia eager to reconnect with Neela.
715.	ER (1994 TV Series)
Episode: A Saint in the City (2003)
Carter and Abby squabble when they attend a posh fund raiser where the Carter family foundation makes a large donation. She feels he should be more supportive of his grandmother and her request that John take a greater interest in the family's activities. He's happy working as a doctor and is convinced he can't do both. A well-known alderman comes into the ER with a knee injury but when he is diagnosed with syphilis, he asks Dr. Weaver to ensure nothing appears on his medical record. Pratt and Lewis disagree on how best to deal with two young children when their mother is brought into the ER with severe pneumonia. Kovac has to convince a man to undergo an operation but refuses to leave his dying wife's bedside. Pratt's friend Leon is arrested by the police. Carter offers financial help to Dr. McNulty and his street clinic.
716.	ER (1994 TV Series)
Episode: House of Cards (1995)
Dr. Greene is still having trouble dealing with cases in the ER and the new Chief of Staff is growing increasingly concerned. Greene also faces a difficult peer review to examine his handling of the Jodi O'Brien case. Dr. Benton takes on the difficult task of telling his mother that she must be placed in a home with full-time care. Susan's very pregnant sister Chloe returns to live with her. Dr Ross deals with the case of a young girl with a heart condition while Ross and Carter encounter a patient who refuses treatment for tuberculosis. When Benton asks Deb Chen and Carter to submit their procedures book in a few days, Deb feels she has to get a few more procedures under her belt if she's to best her fellow student. Unfortunately, her eagerness leads to near tragedy for a patient.
717.	ER (1994 TV Series)
Episode: A Boy Falling Out of the Sky (2003)
Abby is worried about her brother and tries to remain calm hoping for the best, but that becomes nearly impossible when her manic mother arrives in Chicago. The team treat a young boy who was accidentally run over by her mother when backing out of the driveway. Dr. Lewis realizes that a patient's personal interest in her may be affecting his medical choices. Dr. Weaver has her purse snatched but she gets back at the thief when he shows up in the ER for treatment. Pratt goes on his paramedic ride along and is a bit too eager to pronounce someone dead. Dr. Kovac has an unconventional way of treating someone with a dangerously high fever. Dr Weaver suggests to her partner that they should again try to have a baby.
718.	ER (1994 TV Series)
Episode: Union Station (1996)
It's Susan Lewis' last day and Mark Greene is still hesitating to tell her exactly how he feels. Baby Megan finally leaves the hospital but Benton feels awkward accepting the parents' thanks. Dr. Carter and Dr. Keaton are seeing each other, but are doing their best to make sure it's all hush hush. Doug Ross keeps working on the mobile clinic and again meets Charlie, a teenager he treated previously. Nurse Hathaway pushes back when one of her nurses is to be rotated out to another department. Nurse Lydia Wright decides to return her wedding dress when her policeman boyfriend puts off their wedding again but he makes special arrangements.
719.	ER (1994 TV Series)
Episode: Carter's Choice (1998)
The police bring in another elderly rape victim but this time they also get the rapist. The ER staff is in no mood to treat him and Anna Del Amico takes John Carter to task for not giving the man the best care and letting his emotions take over his duties as a physician. Realizing she has made a major mistake, Dr. Weaver lines up support to oppose the take over of the ER by Synergix and accuses Ellis West of using her to win the contract. Carol Hathaway is having doubts about her commitment to Doug Ross while he resents her hesitation. Cynthia Hooper suggests to Mark that with her lease coming due, she should perhaps move in with him but he is obviously reluctant. Benton and Corday go out on another date.
720.	Hart of Dixie (2011 TV Series)
Zoe Hart is a recent medical school graduate who works tirelessly to be the best doctor she can be. But during her residency in New York she doesn't get the fellowship she wants, she is told she needs to treat her patients as people and is suggested to do some GP work. And it turns out that a doctor from Alabama saw her at her graduation and asked her to join his practice and he's been sending letters asking her to join his practice. That's when he decides to go. But when she arrives she learns that the man died and that he bequeathed his practice to her. And that his partner had been hoping to be the sole doctor in town, is not welcoming her with open arms. Also the man's daughter is very nasty to her. Zoe was about to leave but she learns why the man was interested in her and decides to stick it out.
721.	Hart of Dixie (2011 TV Series)
Episode: Baby, Don't Get Hooked on Me (2012)
When the football team needs collective treatment for athlete foot fungus, coach begs her to talk to quarterback Max, who is a mess after his latest romantic breakup. He misunderstands that she's in to him, and all town is furious that she tells Max before the crucial next game. George needs to coax a grim Judge by offering a perfect dinner, but AnnaBeth, whom he hired as best cook, is on war footing with Lemon, who has the managerial skills, so he must get them to team up for his sake, or for good. George makes a mess if Wade's experts tips to dump a clingy ex by 'sandwich technique'. Now Lavon has been reelected mayor, he fears Ruby won't stay just for him, as she said in advance. So besides romantic efforts, he desperately tries to win her grumpy grandfather's approval, whose aversion to all her lovers he hopes to overcome by volunteering chores, but it's root cause remains.
722.	Hart of Dixie (2011 TV Series)
Episode: Where I Lead Me (2013)
Wade and Zoe accept to be best man and maid of honor when Tom an Wanda decide on a grand Lord of the Rings-Star wars costumed grand wedding. Zoe seems inept at keeping Wanda's bothersome lush mother Betsy Maynard out of harm and the bride's way, yet ends up reconciling them with stepmother Joyce. George is on a roll resembling ADHD after winning for the town legal injunction against the neighboring mayor and his even snootier lawyer rival Scooter McGreevey's plan to build a mall on the coast. George pierces Wade's gallant ride after broken down car battery story, leading to Zoe dumping Wade after he admits a drunk, meaningless night. Cricket drags listless Lemon to a Gypsy fortuneteller, who says she already met her true love, which seems to fit town nut Dale King, but she ultimately makes up in stead with AnnaBeth .
723.	Hart of Dixie (2011 TV Series)
Episode: I Run to You (2013)
Zoe beings to grow leery of how much time Joel and Wade hang out, especially when it begins to interfere with Joel's writing. Ready to blame it all on Wade, Zoe does her best to entice Joel back into writing. Lavon is using the excuse of coaching his track team to avoid talking to AnnaBeth. Meanwhile, Lemon encourages Brick to start dating again, and George and Lynly discuss whether they want to talk to Lavon about their feelings for each other.
724.	Hart of Dixie (2011 TV Series)
Episode: Islands in the Stream (2013)
Wade learns from Brick how to indulge steady girls on going out and yet make the best of it for men. When George's parents pay him a surprise visit, father Harold Tucker is willing to accept he's with Tansy now, but mother wants his future restored in the big city, so she tricks him and Zoe, on a double date on his house-boat with Wade, which ends in multiple wreckage. Annabeth is instantly charmed by the British accent of newcomer Oliver Kent, who actually suffers from bizarre 'linguistic' syndrome but soon finds being cured worse sufferance.
725.	Hart of Dixie (2011 TV Series)
Episode: In Havoc & In Heat (2011)
As Bluebell is hit by an intense heat wave, Zoe discovers that the hot weather makes everyone act differently and with a lot less inhibition In fact, it takes all of Zoe's strength to ignore her heat-induced attraction to Wade until it gets the best of her. Meanwhile, Lemon prepares for the arrival of George's family, determined to win them over, but her emotions get the best of her when Lavon shows up to the same restaurant with his date, Didi.
726.	Entourage (2004 TV Series)
Episode: Entourage (2004)
Vincent Chase is a young, hot, up-and-coming actor living in Hollywood. Tonight, he must attend the opening of his latest movie "Head On," but first he and his three best friends from back home (Queens, NY) have lunch and discuss their upcoming 10-year high school reunion. Vince is reluctant to go but his buddies urge him to go with them. At the post-premiere party, Vince's agent, Ari, hassles Eric about getting Vince to read the script for a possible new project. Over breakfast, Vince says he's not going to do "Matterhorn" on Eric's advice. The foursome goes to meet with the director where Vince impresses him so much that Ari calls later to tell him that they've offered $4 million for the part. While Turtle and Drama celebrate, Vince lets him know that Eric is not too enthused about the script. Later, Ari and Eric share a rather confrontational dinner while discussing the future of their star's career. After Vince decides to take Eric's advice not to do the movie, the boys leave for their reunion. Before they can drive off, though, they get a call with some bad news: Colin Farrell has taken the part.
727.	Entourage (2004 TV Series)
Episode: Talk Show (2004)
The boys attend a boxing match at the Staples Center where they bump into various celebrities. While Turtle and Drama talk up Luke Wilson about his new home theater system, Jimmy Kimmel invites Vince to come on his show to promote "Head On." In the morning, the foursome discuss their past relationships with women, and the consensus (all but Eric) seems to be that it's better to leave a girl dangling than break up with her. Drama also fills Vince in on his old grudge against Jimmy Kimmel. Later on, Eric tries his best to do a pre-interview for Vince's appearance while they all enjoy a game of golf. Afterwards, he breaks it to Vince that one of his one-night stands will be appearing on the show as well. The day of the show, Kristen stops by the guest house to pick up some things from Eric where the visit quickly turns into "break-up sex." Meanwhile, Drama and Turtle visit Rufus, who tells them that if Vince plugs his company on the show, they'll get their home theater system for free. At the show, the boys go to the Green Room while Vince finds sets out for a pre-show apology/visit. Emily shows up and shares a cigarette with Eric, and with a little help from Drama, their free home theater system is secured.
728.	Girls (2012 TV Series)
Episode: Pilot (2012)
Hannah, a 24-year-old aspiring writer living in New York City, is blindsided when her parents cut her off financially. Subsequently fired from her unpaid internship, she seeks comfort in Adam, the eccentric actor she sometimes sleeps with when she can get him to respond to her texts. Meanwhile, Hannah's best friend and Type-A roommate, Marnie, hosts a dinner party for their bohemian British friend Jessa, who's returned from god-knows-where to move in with Shoshanna, Jessa's younger, "Sex and the City"-obsessed cousin.
729.	Girls (2012 TV Series)
Episode: Welcome to Bushwick a.k.a. The Crackcident (2012)
On Jessa's lead, Hannah and Marnie somewhat reluctantly tag along with her to what is billed as the best party ever in Bushwick. Upon their arrival, who they find is even more scared about the party is unexpected attendee, Shoshanna. But the night becomes more uncomfortable for the three when they are each faced with other unexpected attendees at the party, namely Adam, Charlie, and the person who Jessa texted but didn't know to who the text was sent. Marnie's encounter with Charlie shows the differences between the two, which Marnie needs to vent to someone - anyone - who will listen. Hannah finds out how little she knows Adam, which shows whether she wants to dig deeper and whether he wants to let her dig deeper. And Jessa's encounter with her mystery person is made all the more difficult by Shoshanna, who accidentally smoked crack and needs someone to be her crack guidance spirit to make sure she doesn't get into trouble in her high state.
730.	Girls (2012 TV Series)
Episode: It's a Shame About Ray (2013)
Hannah and Elijah have an acrimonious roommate break-up following the cocaine fueled revelation that Elijah had sex with Marnie. The result of their break-up is that Hannah kicks him out as her roommate. Regardless, Hannah feels that she has to include "friend" Marnie among the invitees to her party to celebrate her article, she not expecting Marnie to show. Marnie does end up showing up. Others invited include Shoshana and Ray, and Charlie, who brings his girlfriend Audrey. The party doesn't end up the way anyone wanted as the Marnie/Charlie relationship issue comes to a head as does Hannah's side in the matter. And Shoshana comes to a realization about Ray, the situation which he failed to disclose. People not attending are Jessa and Thomas-John, who are having dinner with his parents, this being the first time Jessa would have met them. Thomas-John wants Jessa to be on her best behavior, meaning not being herself, which could cause problems.
731.	Girls (2012 TV Series)
Episode: Love Stories (2016)
Shoshana agrees to help Ray spy on the people at the coffee shop across the street. Elijah tries his best to convince Dill that he's suitable for their relationship and Hanah and Talia hit the streets of New York and get to know each other better.
732.	A Beautiful Mind (2001)
qv##nm1171285## goes through a myriad of highs and lows from his time as a Mathematics student in graduate school at Princeton in the late 1940's to his Nobel Prize win for Economics in 1994. A brilliant but somewhat arrogant and antisocial man, Nash preferred to spend his time with his thoughts, which were primarily of seeing mathematical formula associated with everyday occurrences, than with people. Two people he did make a connection with were Charles, his roommate at Princeton, and Alicia Larde, one of his students when he was teaching at M.I.T. in the early 1950's. He and Alicia eventually marry. As time goes on, Nash lives more and more within himself which causes major problems in his life. But Alicia stands by her husband to his redemption to the Nobel Prize win. Nash learns that his graduate school colleagues, with whom he had a cordial but somewhat distant relationship, are closer friends than he imagined, although in his later life he really does miss Charles' company more than anything despite knowing that spending time with Charles is not in his or anyone's best interest.
733.	The Bourne Ultimatum (2007)
Bourne is once again brought out of hiding, this time inadvertently by London-based reporter Simon Ross who is trying to unveil Operation Blackbriar--an upgrade to Project Treadstone--in a series of newspaper columns. Bourne sets up a meeting with Ross and realizes instantly they're being scanned. Information from the reporter stirs a new set of memories, and Bourne must finally, ultimately, uncover his dark past whilst dodging The Company's best efforts in trying to eradicate him.
734.	Burnt (2015)
Chef Adam Jones (qv##nm0177896##) had it all - and lost it. A two-star Michelin rockstar with the bad habits to match, the former enfant terrible of the Paris restaurant scene did everything different every time out, and only ever cared about the thrill of creating explosions of taste. To land his own kitchen and that third elusive Michelin star though, he'll need the best of the best on his side, including the beautiful Helene (qv##nm1092227##).
735.	Columbo (1971 TV Series)
Episode: A Matter of Honor (1976)
Famed matador Luis Montoya is a national hero in Mexico. His ego cannot countenance any blemish on his reputation; so, when one of his best friends witnesses an event that could shatter that reputation and tries to leave Montoya's sphere of influence, the bullfighter acts quickly and decisively with a clever murder. Unfortunately for him, Lieutenant Columbo finds himself stuck in Mexico, and local police ask him to assist in the investigation. Columbo quickly finds that he must take the bull by the horns if he wants to take down a legend like Montoya.
736.	Columbo (1971 TV Series)
Episode: Sex and the Married Detective (1989)
Psychologist Joan Allenby is at the acme of success in her profession: she runs her own successful sexual therapy center, hosts a popular call-in radio show, and has authored a best-selling self-help manual, "The Courtesan Complex." She is very deeply involved both professionally and personally with David Kane, her business partner, and projects herself as a focused, self-confident career woman. Unexpectedly returning to her office complex one night, she's shocked to find him and her "loyal" secretary in flagrante delicto in the therapy room talking disparagingly about her. Although severely shaken, she doesn't reveal her discovery and, taking a page from her own book, assumes the identity of a sexually aggressive and empowered high class prostitute. It is in this guise that she seduces and murders Kane, a homicide whose anomalies and contradictions are investigated by Lt. Columbo.
737.	Columbo (1971 TV Series)
Episode: How to Dial a Murder (1978)
Dr. Eric Mason is a self-controlled man who teaches how to get control over one's own life. Six months earlier, his wife died suddenly in an inexplicable car accident. Now his best friend, Dr. Charles Hunter, dies when Eric's two Doberman pinschers, Laurel and Hardy, suddenly tear him apart in Eric's kitchen while Eric is away. Lt. Columbo love dogs and needs to figure out what happened before Laurel and Hardy are put down and Dr. Mason gets away with murder.
738.	Columbo (1971 TV Series)
Episode: A Friend in Deed (1974)
Hugh Caldwell kills his wife during a heated argument. He asks for help from his neighbor and best friend Mark Halperin, the Deputy Police Commissioner of the LAPD. Mark is glad to help out, making the murder look like a robbery gone wrong, but the price of his assistance is more than Hugh bargained for. Wanting access to his own wife's millions, Mark kills her and forces Hugh to help him frame "the Bel Air Bandit" for both deaths. Columbo must tread carefully if he hopes to arrest his superior for murder without losing his badge.
739.	UnREAL (2015 TV Series)
Episode: Treason (2016)
With Darius confiding in Rachel about his reasons for needing to quit the show, Rachel is grabbing at straws to keep him on the show. She's enlisting Colemans help in finding a convincing reason to give Darius to stay. Quinn's jealousy over Rachel begins to show and now Rachel is unsure if Quinn has her best interest in mind.
740.	Married with Children (1987 TV Series)
Episode: It's a Bundyful Life (1989)
On Christmas Eve, Al plans the best Bundy Christmas by withdrawing money from his secret savings account to buy the selfish and ungrateful Peggy and the kids presents. When Al can't get to Marcy's bank on time, he tries a ill-fated cash motivated plan for a day care center which leaves him sad and alone with no money.
741.	Married with Children (1987 TV Series)
Episode: The Dateless Amigo (1989)
After his two best friends find dates for themselves, Bud is desperately seeking Susan, or any girl that will date him. So, Bud resorts to getting a life-size mannequin to pose as his date for the evening. Meanwhile, Al comes up with a million dollar invention for a shoe salesmen's convention that looks desperate, called "Shoe Lights"; he takes the headlights and battery out of the car and straps them on Kelly's shoes.
742.	Married with Children (1987 TV Series)
Episode: Live Nude Peg (1997)
Peggy, jealous that Al is spending all his time at The Giggly Room, decides to try out on amateur night while Al and the No Ma'am boys judge it. She wins the competition dressed as a harem girl named Jasmin, wearing a veil over her face. Al is turned on like never before, and he and Peggy have their best sex ever.
743.	Married with Children (1987 TV Series)
Episode: Wedding Show (1993)
The Bundys are going to a family wedding for Al's cousin. But Peggy can't decide what to wear, so while she dresses (and redresses) Al waits and daydreams. Meanwhile, Kelly color coordinates with two fellow bridesmaids, deciding that tight black leather is always best, and Bud gets to know the young bride to be much better than he should!
744.	Married with Children (1987 TV Series)
Episode: The Mystery of Skull Island (1992)
As Grandmaster B, Bud does his coolest best while all over a girl who takes him out to non-traditional Bundy things such as rafting and sky diving. Meanwhile, Al and Peggy invite Marcy and Jefferson over to play a new board game called "Ethical Dilemma."
745.	The Bourne Legacy (2012)
The events in this movie take place around the same time as the events in qv##tt0440963##. When a British reporter was writing an expose about Black Ops operations Treadstone and Black Briar, and the ones responsible for them are concerned. And when Jason Bourne, former Treadstone operative got the file on Treadstone and Black Briar and gave it to Pamela Landy who then passed it to the media. When the men behind Treadstone and Black Briar learn of this, they're concerned how this will affect other ops they have. They decide it's best to shut down all ops and make sure make everyone involved disappears. They try to take out Aaron Cross who is part of another op called Outcome, but he manages to survive. He then seeks out Dr. Marta Shearing who worked on him when he began. It seems part of the program is for all subjects to take medications but he has run out, which is why he seeks her. But someone tries to kill her. He saves her and she tells him, he should have stopped taking the medications long ago. They go to Manila so that she can help him. Later the men behind Outcome learn that Cross and Shearing are still alive. They try to get them.
746.	Her (2013)
In today's world, much is accomplished through the use of computer systems which use voice recognition, those computer systems which in turn communicate to their user often through a generated voice. Theodore Twombly, who works as a writer of computer-generated handwritten letters for clients, is an introverted man on the verge of divorce from his long time love, Catherine. He is hanging onto his marriage for dear life. Beyond his purely platonic relationship with a longtime friend, the married Amy, Theodore is having problems moving onto other satisfying female relationships, either romantically or even sexually. He eventually realizes he is falling for his confidante who has become possibly his best friend, Samantha, the name he has given to the artificial intelligence operating system that powers all his personal technological devices. As Samantha is designed to cater to Theodore's needs, she evolves to a point of falling for him as well. Beyond the fact that Samantha does not have a body, they have to come up with ways of making the relationship into one truly fulfilling in every component. Three of the many questions that may arise are whether Theodore's relationship with Samantha is preventing him from having a more satisfying relationship with a female human, whether a human and a computer operating system truly can be bonded in all critical aspects, and whether Samantha's quick evolution means she will evolve even further to her own form of self-fulfillment.
In a near future, lonely Theodore works writing beautiful handwritten letters in a company, and is divorcing from his wife Catherine. In his leisure time, he usually recalls the good moments of his life with Catherine and likes to play a new videogame. His best friend is his neighbor Amy, who is married to Charles. One day, Theodore sees the advertisement of a new operating system called OS-1 that is announced as the first artificially intelligent operating system and he decides to buy it. After the installation, he has a conversation with a seductive female voice and when he asks her name, she tells that she is Samantha. Soon Samantha develops her feelings and they fall in love with each other. The insecure Theodore feels divided for loving a computer system while Samantha does not stop to grow-up and evolve.
747.	Batman (1989)
Gotham City: dark, dangerous, 'protected' only by a mostly corrupt police department. Despite the best efforts of D.A. Harvey Dent and police commissioner Jim Gordon, the city becomes increasingly unsafe...until a Dark Knight arises. We all know criminals are a superstitious, cowardly lot...so his disguise must be able to strike terror into their hearts. He becomes a bat. Enter Vicky Vale, a prize-winning photo journalist who wants to uncover the secret of the mysterious "bat-man". And enter Jack Napier, one-time enforcer for Boss Grissom, horribly disfigured after a firefight in a chemical factory...who, devoid of the last vestiges of sanity, seizes control of Gotham's underworld as the psychotic, unpredictable Clown Prince of Crime...the Joker. Gotham's only hope, it seems, lies in this dark, brooding vigilante. And just how does billionaire playboy Bruce Wayne fit into all of this?
748.	Black Hawk Down (2001)
Action/war drama based on the best-selling book detailing a near-disastrous mission in Somalia on October 3, 1993. On this date nearly 100 U.S. Army Rangers, commanded by Capt. Mike Steele, were dropped by helicopter deep into the capital city of Mogadishu to capture two top lieutenants of a Somali warlord. This lead to a large and drawn-out firefight between the Rangers and hundreds of Somali gunmen, leading to the destruction of two U.S. Black Hawk helicopters. This film focuses on the heroic efforts of various Rangers to get to the downed black hawks, centering on Sgt. Eversmann, leading the Ranger unit Chalk Four to the first black hawk crash site, Warrant Officer Durant who was captured after being the only survivor of the second black hawk crash, as well as many others who were involved.
749.	Spring Breakers (2012)
Brit, Candy, Cotty, and Faith have been best friends since grade school. They live together in a boring college dorm and are hungry for adventure. All they have to do is save enough money for spring break to get their shot at having some real fun. A serendipitous encounter with rapper "Alien" promises to provide the girls with all the thrill and excitement they could hope for. With the encouragement of their new friend, it soon becomes unclear how far the girls are willing to go to experience a spring break they will never forget.
750.	Motive (2013 TV Series)
Episode: Brute Force (2013)
The victim: former Olympic boxing gold medalist Mark "Machine" Mason, the co-owner of and chief trainer at Machine's, a fledgling boxing gym which doesn't look like it will survive unless changes are made in the business plan. The killer: Joey Mason, the recently wheelchair-bound other co-owner of Machine's, its chief "ideas" man, and Mark's brother. Mark was found in the gym stabbed to death in the back, but not before his knee was savagely beaten. The dead body was reported by Joey. The Homicide detectives initially look at anyone who had a key to the gym as a suspect, although that thought quickly goes out the window when they find out that the gym door was broken, meaning that anyone could have gotten into the gym with ease. Mark's missing Olympic medals, which were prominently displayed, are thought to be the initial motive for at least the break-in, the primary suspects then being disgruntled competitors and vagrants. But when Joey is caught in a lie, Angie focuses her attention on him. She just has to determine the best way to draw him out, which includes the unwitting use of Mark's grieving widow Beth Mason, who has her own love/hate relationship with Joey. In doing so, they may also also uncover the true nature of Mark and Joey's relationship, at least from Joey's perspective.
751.	Motive (2013 TV Series)
Episode: Creeping Tom (2013)
The killer: Tom, a high school student. The victim: Glen Martin, the popular singing science teacher at Tom's high school. Tom is an oft picked upon quiet student who plays the bass drum in the school's marching band. He likes to remain invisible as it allows him to be quietly subversive, as displayed by his favorite activity called "creeping": sneaking into houses and stealing a small memento just for the thrill of it. He introduces his best friend Willie to the activity, the house chosen this evening being the Martin's. As the Homicide Department investigates the murder, which was conducted by blunt force trauma to the head, they follow the usual leads such as his wife, Linda Martin, who was having an affair, but vows that she still loved Glen, and Linda's lover, a new immigrant named Arman Pozner. The questions become whether they will piece together the evidence, and or if Tom's nervousness will give him away. Meanwhile, Angie tests the boundaries of parenting with her son, Manny.
752.	Motive (2013 TV Series)
Episode: Reversal of Fortune (2015)
The killer: brew-master Joe Hillis, who is just about to open a craft brewery. The victim: tarot card reader Ginelle Mercier. Her mummified body is found in the wall of a for sale warehouse, which was being renovated for suspected asbestos. Because of the environment of the warehouse, Ginelle, who was placed there postmortem, could have been killed as recently as ten weeks ago. The detectives have to find who would have last had contact with her, including among her colleagues, friends and clients, the latter from who they learn that she was considered the best in the business. They learn from others who viewed her from an outsider's perspective that she was considered "flaky". The detectives' search for electronic information is difficult as they also learn she felt many forms of electronics interfered with psychic energy. Stumbling on her hard copy contact list, the detectives find that a common name between her friends, clients and those that had access to the warehouse is Hillis, Elizabeth Hillis who considered herself a client and close friend, and Joe Hillis who viewed the warehouse as a possible location for his new business. But the detectives' initial assessment of the situation is not quite reality. Meanwhile, Oscar makes some further professional and personal decisions based on his disease and what he learns may be a misdiagnosis. And Angie and Maria face some tough questions about Janet Wong's arrest and how well Maria's association to Angie respectively.
753.	Motive (2013 TV Series)
Episode: Abandoned (2014)
The victim: Barb Birk, the owner of her own diner. The killer: Sasha King, a resident and worker at a women's shelter, and one of Barb's many disgruntled ex-employees. Who is eventually identified as Barb is found burnt to death inside her diner kitchen in what was an early morning fire on a day the diner was closed. The initial primary suspect as the person who started the fire, and thus the killer, is Barb's son, Jason Birk, who used to be a short order cook in the diner, and whose lighter was used to start the fire. He admits the lighter is his, but states that anyone who worked in the diner knew where he left it. He has been out of jail for three weeks, his ten month sentence for assault for beating up Ross Simpson, another of Barb's disgruntled ex-employees who often parked his food truck outside the diner. Jason, who is surprised to learn that he is the insurance beneficiary, admits that he and his mother had a love/hate relationship. They were somewhat estranged based largely on Jason's initiative to get out from under Barb's control, but he also admits that he still loved her as she did everything for him as best as she knew how. Jason and Sasha were beginning a relationship just before he committed the assault. Beyond the physical evidence, Angie and Oscar will have to find out what happened during those ten months while Jason was in prison, which relates to Barb's Wednesday and Friday lunch hour mystery trips over the past month, to discover the motive. Meanwhile, Angie is in a quandary about whether to agree to Samantha's request to testify as a character witness for Mark at a trial. If she does, the truth behind her and Mark's professional life ten years ago may come to light, that information which has the potential to ruin both her and Mark's careers.
754.	Motive (2013 TV Series)
Episode: Best Enemies (2015)
The victim: Nika Reid, an assistant to renowned but sleazy photographer Eric Sharpe, who likes to party hard with his young female models and staff, most who will do whatever he says to gain his influence to get ahead in the business. The killer: Stacy Lawford, who works at a local online gossip blog called Wicked City, which specializes in salacious local stories. Stacy also happens to be Nika's roommate and best friend. Eric discovered Nika's dead body in bed with him when he woke up after a boisterous late night party at his live/work studio. The detectives believe Eric is the person who stabbed Nika to death as he seems to be doing whatever required to protect himself, including cleaning himself up and calling a lawyer even before calling 911. When Eric finally decides to talk, he vows that he remembers nothing between the time the cops came by the previous evening on noise complaints to shut the party down to when he woke to find Nika already dead beside him. Angie, the lead on the case, eventually doesn't believe Eric to be the killer based on conflicting evidence and a move by Eric himself to defend himself while only making his situation look even worse to the untrained eye. Stacy inserts herself into the story, covering it for Wicked City, her boss who believes her inside knowledge as Nika's friend and someone who was at Eric's party adds an extra level of salaciousness he craves for the blog. Stacy's vehemence at Eric being the killer raises suspicions in Angie, who has to try and figure out why Stacy would want to kill her friend. Meanwhile, Internal Affairs has issued requests for meetings with Oscar, Mark and Brian, each who has a different perspective of how far he will go to protect Angie. Also at stake is Maria's life, she who would be in danger if news got out about how she fostered the relationship with Angie to look into Neville's possible connection to Derek Caster's murder.
755.	The Goldbergs (2013 TV Series)
Episode: Happy Mom, Happy Life (2015)
Dana and Adam are given a doll to parent for a school project, but end up in jeopardy of failing because of Beverly's "grand-smothering." Meanwhile, Erica tries to get back at Barry for monopolizing her best friend's time by joining the JTP, however her plan doesn't go as expected.
756.	The Goldbergs (2013 TV Series)
Episode: Dungeons and Dragons, Anyone? (2016)
Adam rallies his nerd pals to fight back against Mellor's school yard pick system for gym. Mellor choices Adam as a Captain - and the power goes to Adam's head; he also picks the best athletes - even after Dave Kim chooses "Dungeons & Dragons" as the next team sport. Adam must train his doltish classmates to win at the game. Erica is surprised when Bev sparks to an out of state college tour; Murray turns the tables and forbids his daughter from leaving town; Erica then shares that she is not ready to leave the nest/town - at this time.
757.	Don't Trust the B---- in Apartment 23 (2012 TV Series)
Episode: The Original B---- (2013)
James learns that his 'father' adopted him and his mother, a actress, can't remember which of the seven brothers in a musical was his biological father, whom he now searches for. Private detective Tommy Doyle finally tracked the whereabouts of Trish, the first bitch in the apartment, who was Chloe's best friend until she stole her audition in a TV dance show, but she's as defunct as the program. Yet in a dream, Charo offers Chloe a go at revenge, but it turns out most crucial to face her true feelings for June.
758.	Revenge (2011 TV Series)
Episode: Identity (2013)
Aiden agrees that Emimy's best shot at ruining the Graysons is sharing unsuspecting Daniel's bed as his bride. Victoria hopes to appease Conrad about her secret puberty pregnancy by proof of abortion, but Nolan accepts to take on the only better hacker, the Falcon, who helped former employer Victoria and the Initiative, hence shares blame for Padma's murder, finds out it's a girl by gaming dare and sets a trap so the FBI can finally lock her up. Jack dumps Emily as Carl's godmother, Declan is shocked that Charlotte prefers partying over promised help with his crucial Ivy league application essay.
759.	Revenge (2011 TV Series)
Episode: Pilot (2011)
17 years ago, little Amanda Clarke unwittingly witnessed a plot between her father's lover Victoria and her husband, hedge-fund CEO Conrad Grayson, to frame her unsuspecting father David, his subordinate manager, for their fraud, and was later sent to jail herself. David's former business protege and sole remaining confident Nolan Ross, now Wall Street's golden wonder boy, insists to help after recognizing her, despite her new persona as socialite Emily Thorne, a newcomer in the Hamptons summer party circuit, over which his wife Victoria 'reigns'. Conrad Grayson has an induced pseudo-cardiac crisis at the right time to expose his affair with Victoria's best friend Lydia Davis, who is quickly but discretely expelled.
760.	Heat (1995)
Neil McCauley is a thief... an expert thief... one of the best. His philosophy in life - become attached to nothing in life that you can't walk away from in 30 seconds if you spot the "Heat" around the corner. His crew of criminals is a high-tech outfit pulling off professional jobs that impress even the likes of Detective Vincent Hanna. But Hanna, a man driven through life only by his work, becomes obsessed, at the expense of his private life, with bringing McCauley down. As McCauley's crew prepare for the score of a lifetime, and Hanna's team tries to bring him in, the two find that they are challenged by the greatest minds on the opposite side of the law that either one has ever encountered.
761.	Heroes (2006 TV Series)
Episode: Chapter Two 'Lizards' (2007)
At the behest of his new employers, Dr. Suresh travels to Haiti to treat a potential virus victim. The patient turns out to be a familiar face. Claire's secret may be out when a fellow student sees her regenerate a limb; that student may have his own secret however. Matt Parkman investigates a murder that affects one one of the Heroes. In 17th century Japan, Hiro is doing his best to ensure that Takezo Sensei lives up to his reputation. He has to take things into his own hands however. In Ireland, Peter Petrelli finds himself with no memory but re-discovering some of his many powers. Maya and her brother reach the Guatemala-Mexico border in their quest to travel to the USA.
762.	Birdman or (The Unexpected Virtue of Ignorance) (2014)
Actor Riggan Thomson is most famous for his movie role from over twenty years ago of the comic book superhero Birdman in the blockbuster movie of the same name and its two equally popular sequels. His association with the role took over his life, where Birdman is more renowned than "Riggan Thomson" the actor. Now past middle age, Riggan is trying to establish himself as a true artist by writing, directing, starring in and co-producing with his best friend Jake what is his Broadway debut, an adaptation of qv##nm0142577##'s story, What We Talk About When We Talk About Love. He is staking his name, what little artistic reputation that comes with that name and his life savings on the project, and as such will do anything needed to make the play a success. As he and Jake go through the process of the previews toward opening night, Riggan runs into several issues: needing to find a replacement for the integral supporting male role the night before the first preview; hiring the talented Broadway name, Mike Shiner, for that role, Mike who ends up being difficult to work with and who may end up overshadowing Riggan in the play; having to deal potentially with a lawsuit based on one of his actions to ensure success; needing to be there for his daughter, Sam, who he has hired to be his production assistant and who has just come out of drug rehab; and pleasing the New York Times critic, Tabitha Dickinson, who wants to use any excuse to give the play a scathing review which in turn would close the show after the opening night performance. But Riggan's biggest problem may be his own insecurities, which are manifested by him constantly hearing what he believes to be the truth from the voice of his Birdman character, who he often battles both internally and externally.
763.	Superbad (2007)
Seth and Evan are best friends, inseparable, navigating the last weeks of high school. Usually shunned by the popular kids, Seth and Evan luck into an invitation to a party, and spend a long day, with the help of their nerdy friend Fogell, trying to score enough alcohol to lubricate the party and inebriate two girls, Jules and Becca, so they can kick-start their sex lives and go off to college with a summer full of experience and new skills. Their quest is complicated by Fogell's falling in with two inept cops who both slow and assist the plan. If they do get the liquor to the party, what then? Is sex the only rite of passage at hand?
High school seniors Evan and Seth have been best friends since they were kids, Seth the leader who is all talk and no action, Evan on the most part the faithful follower. They are part of the "out" crowd, meaning that they have few other friends and especially few in the "in" crowd. They have done everything together by themselves but their plan to be roommates at college falls apart when Seth is not accepted to their school of choice, Dartmouth. Evan decides still to attend Dartmouth and room instead with their mutual friend, the boyishly nerdish Fogell, which Evan decides not to tell Seth about if only in not wanting to make Seth feel like he is being abandoned for another known quantity. Their initial plans to hang out together by themselves for graduation takes a turn when two weeks before graduation, the pretty Jules invites Seth, and by association Evan, to her house party that evening. Knowing that Fogell is getting a fake ID made, Seth, with Jules' money, offers to purchase all the alcohol for the party. Seth believes that the alcohol is his and Evan's ticket to losing their respective virginities that evening at the party, Seth with Jules, and Evan with Becca, who he knows likes him, but whose advances he has been unable to act upon out of shyness and insecurity. But the road to purchasing the alcohol and being the kings of Jules' party takes a less than smooth path, based largely on Fogell's cluelessness about his new ID, the actions of a couple of adolescently-minded police officers, and Seth and Evan's own attitudes of what they need to do to be popular, if only for this one day. Through the process, Seth and Evan may come to a clearer picture of what their friendship truly means, and where they fit in life.
Two high school seniors trying to come out with a 'bang' before school ends. These two best friends are indeed losers and sit alone at the lunch table. But, before school ends, they want to at least get into a party, get the girl, and just be remembered.
764.	About Time (2013)
At the age of 21, Tim Lake (Domhnall Gleeson) discovers he can travel in time... The night after another unsatisfactory New Year party, Tim's father (Bill Nighy) tells his son that the men in his family have always had the ability to travel through time. Tim can't change history, but he can change what happens and has happened in his own life-so he decides to make his world a better place...by getting a girlfriend. Sadly, that turns out not to be as easy as you might think. Moving from the Cornwall coast to London to train as a lawyer, Tim finally meets the beautiful but insecure Mary (Rachel McAdams). They fall in love, then an unfortunate time-travel incident means he's never met her at all. So they meet for the first time again-and again-but finally, after a lot of cunning time-traveling, he wins her heart. Tim then uses his power to create the perfect romantic proposal, to save his wedding from the worst best-man speeches, to save his best friend from professional disaster and to get his pregnant wife to the hospital in time for the birth of their daughter, despite a nasty traffic jam outside Abbey Road. But as his unusual life progresses, Tim finds out that his unique gift can't save him from the sorrows and ups and downs that affect all families, everywhere. There are great limits to what time travel can achieve, and it can be dangerous too.
765.	Cloud Atlas (2012)
The reincarnation of a soul travels through time in an exploration of how the actions of individual lives impact one another in the past, present and future, as one soul is shaped from a killer into a hero, and an act of kindness ripples across centuries to inspire a revolution. Action, mystery and romance weave dramatically through the story, a time-shifting weave of six interlinking narratives, with diverse settings from the savagery of a Pacific Island in the 1850s to a dystopian Korea of the near future. Based on the best-selling novel Cloud Atlas written by David Mitchell. Featuring an all-star cast led by Halle Berry and Tom Hanks.
766.	Fantastic Four (2015)
In a retelling of the story of the Fantastic Four, begins when genius Reed Richards builds what he thinks is a teleportation device which he unveils at a science fair. And when it doesn't produce the results he said would happen, he's shun by everyone. But a visiting scientist, Franklin Storm thinks that Reed built the means to cross into another dimension. He offers Reed a scholarship so he goes to New York to work on it and he works with Storm's daughter Sue and his former student Victor Von Doom. Storm also brings in his son Johnny, a mechanic to help him. When Reed says it's done, Storm decides to send him, Sue, Johnny and Victor. Reed asks his best friend Ben Grimm to join him. When they get there, they're exposed to elements not native to their own, And when they return, they start to change or gain abilities.
The nerd teenager Reed Richards has been researching teleport since he was a kid, helped by his best friend Ben Grimm.. During a high-school scientific fair, he is invited by Dr. Franklin Storm to join his research team in his institute in New York. Reed teams up with Dr. Storm's son and daughter Johnny Storm and Susan "Sue" Storm and the outcast Victor Von Doom and they succeed to send a monkey to another dimension. Soon they learn that the institute has an agreement with NASA to send astronauts to the other universe. However they decide to go by themselves to be the first humans to reach the place. However there is an accident and they are all affected by the power in the planet. Further, they achieve super-powers, but Victor is left behind. What will happen to the researchers?
767.	Devious Maids (2013 TV Series)
Episode: Awakenings (2015)
The season begins where the last one ended, with a shooting at Spence and Rosie's wedding. We learn that Rosie was hit and would be in a coma for a few months and Zoila's estranged husband is dead. When she wakes up she learns some disturbing things. Carmen's still seeing Sebastian who's married and placed her in house he told her he rented for her. But she learns that he wasn't exactly honest with her. Zoila who is pregnant wonders who is the father of the baby she's carrying, her late husband or her boyfriend, Javier and tries to find out who. Michael and Taylor Stapford return with the girl they adopted and they hire a maid named, Blanca who notices the girl behaving strangely. The Powells find themselves in a rut as far as their sex life is concerned and try to reignite it. And Marisole's book is published and it's a best seller. She starts hanging out with some socialites who are snobs.
768.	Desperate Housewives (2004 TV Series)
Episode: Beautiful Girls (2006)
Mother Gloria Hodge is openly resistant for Bree to see to her doctor's diet instructions. Gloria gives Andrew's game away, and blackmails Orson again into buying her another house. When Bree stubbornly rejects the run-down house she blurts out his secret: he was adulterous with the mysteriously disappeared Monique, who two-timed him too with Carolyn Bigsby's husband, supermarket manager Harvey. The Solis divorce decree is through. Homeless Carlos' money gets him residency with his 'best fiend' Mike, who wonders what kind of man he is. The police are not impressed by Lynette's theory about bachelor neighbor Art Shepherd; she implies that the stuff in his basement makes him an obvious pedophile. When her personal shopper Vern announces he's starting his own beauty consulting firm, Gabrielle accepts to share her once glorious experience, and although shocked how ugly, fat and off-age the would-be pageant contestants are manages to motivate them. However, her anecdotes about obsessive thinness techniques inspire the young girls unacceptably. Susan finds her Prince Ian's castle comes with an old butler, Rupert Cavanaugh, whose old-fashioned loyalty to the comatose mistress even prevents him from finding her a single drawer in the palatial mansion.
769.	Desperate Housewives (2004 TV Series)
Episode: Like It Was (2006)
Andrew is back home, so Bree and Orson smugly invent a 'socially acceptable' story imposed on him he was just on 'acting camp', then drag him to dumb Danielle's suspiciously star-status school project, but there Orson learns the respectable married Dr. Howard Keck was one of the men who sexually exploited the destitute kid, and ends up prudently presenting the vile facts to Bree, who gets ironically comforted by Andrew when Danielle proves depraved too... The Solis fight-divorce escalates when she holds a garage sale selling off his stuff for pittance, he takes his lawyer's advice to move back in, she changes the locks and calls the police as if he were a burglar, foppish to the unamused cops till they book her for assault resisting arrest, then brags about John being back, only to conclude... Tom was wise enough to accept Parker has enough of stinking at baseball, Lynette forces the kid to continue the rest of the season 'no quitting', even if limiting public humiliation requires bribing the adversary's allowance-handicapped best batter Nicky with $50, which gets found out; then Parker refuses to quit, so preventing both boys being thrown off the team costs her new bat helmets. Meanwhile Tom resents her being so hard on Parker as she pushes him to take a practical PR-job, despite her own apparently insincere suggestion to go for his dream this time. Edie happened to be in hospital when Mike woke up, so she feeds him liable lies to take pole position in the race for his heart, while Susan isn't even racing while she's oblivious in her English lover Ian's wood cabin, and blames him for being her best lover since Mike's coma.
770.	Desperate Housewives (2004 TV Series)
Episode: Don't Look at Me (2006)
On the day Bree's lawyer Karl agreed for Andrew's emancipation trial, Bree's father Henry appears and obtains an instant delay, intending to settle out of court using a Dutch therapist's simplistic technique- son and mother go trough the motions, no more. Andrew convinces his grandparents living with an abusive lush isn't safe enough, toppling Bree's life-long frustration over her stepmother Eleanor's stubborn refusal to admit or pretend the control-freak being perfect, and is promised they'll rescue them by taking him home to Rhode Island. After consulting Justin, who broke with his own bigot family for and at Andrew's instigation but now feels suddenly and shatteringly abandoned by his gay lover, Bree confronts her old-school folks with the boy's 'sodomite' porn, enough to send them off end have their trust fund for him canceled; the only consolation prize is sweet Justin henceforward being welcome... While Tom is on business trip, Lynette alone faces the shame of Parker's teacher pointing out his latest obnoxious obsession is not dinosaurs but, far worse, female anatomy, equally persistent and according to old-fashioned baby-sitter Karen McCluskey best cured by instilling a crushing sense of shame, but Lynette finds a better way... Carlos fulfills his dream of (adoptive) fatherhood gaining custody rather then the birth mother and birth father Dale Helm (19) who is on Spring Break. The Solis's bundle of joy is named Lily, after Gabrielle's ma, but the starlet only means to shine as mother, not do the work, so housekeeper Xiao-Mei is pushed out of bed for her, literally holding the baby... Paul resolved not to fall for Felicia's provocations, but her war-of-harassment only escalates to ordering an extermination tent over the young home 'by address mistake'... Susan was satisfied Karl doesn't really love Edie, welcoming her back in bed, but finding out he never told her rival throws him out in his boxers. In the movie theater she abuses dentist Orson Hodge to avoid admitting being alone again to Mike, but soon confides in him, gets attracted but also confronted with his...
771.	Desperate Housewives (2004 TV Series)
Episode: The Art of Making Art (2011)
Susan is mortified but tries her best to comply when her art teacher, Andre Zeller, asks the students to show up to class in the nude in order to help them create from a point of honesty; Bree serves up some delicious, homemade soup for the homeless at the local shelter, but ends up enticing the local hipsters and pushing out those in need; Gaby finds herself without a staff to help set up a school event when her lackadaisical approach to her new job as president of the PTA insults the parent volunteers; Renee helps a reluctant Lynette get back into the dating pool by taking her to a singles bar; and Carlos finds himself hitting rock bottom when the guilt over murdering Gaby's stepfather begins to engulf him.
772.	Desperate Housewives (2004 TV Series)
Episode: In a World Where the Kings Are Employers (2009)
Susan starts her new job as a teacher's aide to MJ's school in order to give her son the best that she never had. But when Mike leaves their son in Katherine's care while he works, naturally in Susan's case, anger and jealousy pervade. Meanwhile, Lynette tells Tom that they may have to sell the Scavo's Pizzeria since business continues to go bad, but he stubbornly refuses to cave in. Carlos receives a generous bonus when Gabrielle discovers Carlos' boss' dirty little secret of him cheating on his wife. Also, Orson confronts Bree when he learns she's given Andrew a raise without consulting him first. After his confrontation with Tom, Dave begins to get more nervous when he thinks that the his neighbors are beginning to suspect he's up to no good. But it's Edie who begins to suspect Dave's intentions the most.
773.	Desperate Housewives (2004 TV Series)
Episode: What More Do I Need? (2008)
Lynette and Tom uncover an unpleasant truth about Porter that he is romantically involved with the blond, femme fatal Anne Schilling. Meanwhile, Gabrielle suspects Carlos' best massage client, Virginia, has ulterior motives. Bree's moment of weakness with her cookbook could bring her great embarrassment and shame, while Katherine's not-so-little secret is unveiled. Susan learns of Jackson's true passion. Also, Mrs. McCluskey's sister, Roberta, unearths a disturbing fact about Dave when she discovers that he spent time in prison, and that he's connected to someone who lives, or had lived, on Wisteria Lane.
774.	Desperate Housewives (2004 TV Series)
Episode: Truly Content (2010)
Susan discovers that some of her best moves are being copied by a competitor; Gabrielle hires a private detective to look into an important matter, unbeknownst to Carlos; Lynette is stunned when Tom's doctor prescribes a rather unorthodox remedy for his depression; and Renee invites a reluctant Bree to go clubbing with her to engage in some local man-hunting.
775.	Desperate Housewives (2004 TV Series)
Episode: Mama Spent Money When She Had None (2009)
Bree reaps the success of her new book by treating herself to a new car, which irks Lynette since she had to sell Tom's Mustang for some extra cash. Meanwhile, Susan is determined to send M.J. to the best school, even though she and Mike can't afford the high tuition. Gabrielle joins Edie's no nonsense boot camp to get herself back into shape. Also, Lee is conflicted over whether or not to tell Lynette and Tom some disturbing facts about Dave whom he begins to suspect of setting the nightclub fire and lying about Porter setting it.
776.	Desperate Housewives (2004 TV Series)
Episode: Now You Know (2007)
Edie only staged her suicide attempt to convince Carlos dramatically of her love, but his arrival got delayed so she really landed in hospital. Gaby would otherwise have dumped fresh husband Victor for her ex Carlos, now finds herself trapped in a marriage where she must make an appointment months in advance to spend some quality time. Lynette insists, to worried Tom and her own in-moved ma, her pride can only handle therapy if it's kept secret. So she soldiers on, even if that means vomiting in a purse during Parker's school play performance as Friar Tuck, but when scolded for failing to do her part in the PTA lifts her wig. Wisteria Lane has a new household. Although mother Katherine Mayfair lived here before with her now teenage daughter Dylan, once Julie's best friend, yet neither is still close with the neighbors, they even want Bree to cut down an esthetically crucial tree. One room in their old/new house is key to their dark family secret. Dylan's step-dad, Dr. Adam Mayfair, is a gynecologist making his entry as practice temp. He's too sexy for patient Susan not to get excited during an intimate examination, let alone accept he hints at a menopause by the time she discussed her biological clock with him; Mike gets confirmation nature has already changed their lives forever. Bree finds it difficult to fake a pregnancy, instead of Danielle, despite her typical drastic methods.
777.	Desperate Housewives (2004 TV Series)
Episode: Crime Doesn't Pay (2009)
In the aftermath of the Scavo Pizzara going under, Bree tells Lynette she'll help Tom secure a new job at her company. But even the best intentions will reach a tempestuous end when a dinner engagement set up results in both Lynette and Tom competing against each other for the job, and Bree discovers Orson's growing kleptomania habit. Meanwhile, Gabrielle finds herself in a precarious position when Carlos' adulterous boss, Brad, begins using Gaby to cover for himself as he continues to cheat on his wife. Susan becomes more unsettled after Katherine moves in with Mike and has a painting that Susan painted removed from the house. Also, Edie begins to investigate more into Dave's past after a chance encounter with an old acquaintance of Dave's whom is the priest who performed the funeral for Dave'e wife and daughter.
778.	Desperate Housewives (2004 TV Series)
Episode: Could I Leave You? (2006)
With Andrew's emancipation case hanging over her head, Bree is on best behavior at AA, even sort of befriends a wino, just in time to have someone to call when the frustration over Andrew taking Justin shopping with the family credit-card and threatening to tell the judge about her abysmal abuse wrecking his youth, adding as much as needed, even 'intimately', drove her to take too much solace in the bottle and cloths shop, so she passed out in the fitting boot after close-up... Gabrielle has accepted to select a birth mother, but drives Carlos and adoption lawyer near despair by refusing to accept anyone without a body like hers, reasoning such genes should spare them having to cuddle an ogre for twenty years. Only attractive, limber pole-dancer Libby passes muster, quite literally as they check her out in the night-club, but she seems picky in turn on hearing Solis is a Mexican name, so Gabrielle starts flaunting what their US dollars can buy... Lynette has hired a fellow young mother using the daycare and pro-breastfeeding policy as decisive arguments to recruit Veronica from a rival agency, but when 'sucker' is seen 'drinking' still at age five needs to ween the wanton by conviction as Veronica sees it as healthy and as good for the figure as a gym... When Susan invites both 'paper' husband and desired real one Dr. Ron for dinner, her crafty ex makes sure a leaky pipe -his work- allows Mike to join them, and Ron to storm out seeing she lied not to know any Mike... Caleb intrudes, taking an even less welcome interest in Danielle then Matthew.
779.	City of God (2002)
Brazil, 1960s, City of God. The Tender Trio robs motels and gas trucks. Younger kids watch and learn well...too well. 1970s: Li'l Ze has prospered very well and owns the city. He causes violence and fear as he wipes out rival gangs without mercy. His best friend Bene is the only one to keep him on the good side of sanity. Rocket has watched these two gain power for years, and he wants no part of it. Yet he keeps getting swept up in the madness. All he wants to do is take pictures. 1980s: Things are out of control between the last two remaining gangs...will it ever end? Welcome to the City of God.
780.	True Grit (2010)
Farmer Frank Ross heads with his employee Tom Chaney to Fort Smith to buy some ponies. However, he is murdered by Chaney, who steals his money and flees to the Indian Territory. Frank's teenager daughter and book keeper of the family business Mattie Ross travel with an employee to bring the body of her father back home. Before meeting the undertaker, they see the hanging of three men sentenced by the tough Judge Parker. The stubborn Mattie seeks out the sheriff that tells her that he does not have authority in the Indian Nation. She asks who the best Marshall is and the sheriff recommends Reuben J. "Rooster" Cogburn, a big old fellow with eye patch that has the grit to bring back criminals from the Indian Territory. Mattie hires the drunken Rooster and he plans to travel early in the morning with her. When Mattie is ready to depart, she finds that the Texas Ranger LaBoeuf had visited Rooster and proposed to share a huge reward for Tom Chaney in Texas for the murder of a senator. LaBoeuf and Rooster cross the river and Mattie joins them, and the unlikely trio begins its dangerous journey seeking out Tom Chaney in the Indian Territory.
Forty year old spinster Mattie Ross tells the story of when she was fourteen in the late nineteenth century, living in Yell County, Arkansas. Headstrong, willful, streetwise and stubborn, she felt she was best equipped between her mother and her younger brother to lead the charge to avenge the murder of her father, Frank Ross, by hired hand Tom Chaney while the two were in Fort Smith, Arkansas to run errands, the murder occurring when Tom was drunk. She learned that Tom most likely joined Lucky Ned Pepper's gang, had probably headed into the Choctaw Nation's territory, and that no one was after Tom for the murder. Believing she needed the assistance of a US marshal to carry out her mission, she decided, from the three suggested to her by the Fort Smith sheriff, to choose eye-patch adorned Rueben "Rooster" Cogburn, the most ruthless of the bunch, he being a man who generally shot to kill first before asking questions - in other words, a man with true grit. She had certain regrets in choosing Rooster if only because of his frequent take to drink. Despite Rooster's want to kill Lucky Ned, convincing him to take the job and to take her along - she insisting to ensure she got her money's worth - was more difficult than she had hoped. Another problem in Mattie getting what she believed was true justice was a Texas Ranger named LeBoeuf, who was also after Tom, but for the murder of a Texas senator. If LeBoeuf got to Tom first, LeBoeuf would take him back to Texas to stand trial for that murder, instead of Tom paying for the murder of her father.
781.	The Help (2011)
Set in Mississippi during the 1960s, Skeeter (Stone) is a southern society girl who returns from college determined to become a writer, but turns her friends' lives -- and a Mississippi town -- upside down when she decides to interview the black women who have spent their lives taking care of prominent southern families. Aibileen (Davis), Skeeter's best friend's housekeeper, is the first to open up -- to the dismay of her friends in the tight-knit black community. Despite Skeeter's life-long friendships hanging in the balance, she and Aibileen continue their collaboration and soon more women come forward to tell their stories -- and as it turns out, they have a lot to say. Along the way, unlikely friendships are forged and a new sisterhood emerges, but not before everyone in town has a thing or two to say themselves when they become unwittingly -- and unwillingly -- caught up in the changing times.
The time, the early 1960's, the place, Jackson, Mississippi. Eugenia Phalen - Skeeter to her friends and family - has just graduated from Ole Miss and has returned home in part to take care of her seriously ill mother. Unlike her female friends and colleagues who used their Ole Miss time solely to find a husband, Skeeter, who has never dated or had a boyfriend despite wanting romance in her life, strives primarily for a career, either as a serious journalist or editorialist. In Skeeter's social circle, the family servants, called "the help", are exclusively black. The female servants do the cooking and cleaning, but their primary responsibility is child rearing. The servants get passed down within families from generation to generation, so the child that they raised ultimately becomes the boss. Fifty year old Aibileen Clark is one such servant, who works for Skeeter's easily influenced friend, Elizabeth Leefolt. Skeeter asks Aibileen to help her with her newly acquired job, answering a housekeeping advice column. However, incidents that happen around Skeeter, including her mother seemingly being less than forthright about what happened to their own now absent female servant, the elderly Constantine Jefferson, who raised Skeeter and who Skeeter loved like a mother, make Skeeter come to the decision to write about the experiences of the black female servants in relation to their white bosses. Elaine Stein, a senior editor with Harper & Row in New York, approves the concept, but she knows that Skeeter getting the servants to talk, which Skeeter ultimately discovers is against the law in Mississippi, will be difficult if not impossible. Aibileen, the first and only servant who Skeeter asks, initially refuses Skeeter's request. But incidents around Aibileen ultimately get her and her acerbic-tongued best friend, Minny Jackson, who has long worked for the Walters family and now works for the Walters' racist daughter Hilly Holbrook, to talk to Skeeter on the sly about their experiences. One of those incidents involves Hilly's "Home Help Sanitation Initiative", which would ban any black servant from using their white employer's washroom. Minny's experiences also include those with Celia Foote, a young uncultured woman new to the area who has never had servants, who is now married to Hilly's old boyfriend Johnny Foote, and who is shunned by Hilly and her social circle for supposedly cheating with Johnny while he and she were still dating. Even if Harper & Row or any other firm publishes the book, Skeeter and by association any servant who helped her may have a continued rough road ahead in overcoming the resulting wrath, especially by Hilly and her type.
782.	Cheers (1982 TV Series)
Episode: Bar Wars II: The Woodman Strikes Back (1989)
Cheers is in competition with Gary's Olde Towne Tavern once again, this time it's the annual Bloody Mary contest open to all bars in the Greater Boston area. Cheers won the competition the first two years, but Gary's, ever since it opened, has won the last four. Rebecca has at least managed to get the organizers to hold the contest at Cheers this year. Sam in particular is in Bloody Mary mode, even getting Norm to stop drinking beer and start sampling Bloody Mary's. Sam believes his secret ingredient - if he can get a hold of it - will win them the contest. Regardless, Rebecca plans on stealing some of Gary's Bloody Mary mix to have it analyzed, which they all agree - more publicly than they imagined - is the best Bloody Mary they've ever tasted. Knowing that they can't beat Gary by the quality of the Bloody Mary, the Cheers group decide other methods are in order to win. Collectively and individually, they hatch plans for Gary not to win. Will any of these plans work or will they stumble all over themselves in the process? A consequence of the scheming could be the end of a friendship between one of the Cheers regulars and everyone else at the bar.
783.	Cheers (1982 TV Series)
Episode: Affairs of the Heart (1983)
Hank, a newcomer to Cheers, has the hots for Carla, but Carla won't give him an inch. He seems like a nice guy, but Carla is afraid that anyone that seems nice that is interested in her, or in who she is interested, has some rotten aspect in his life. Diane and the gang persuade her to take a chance, and after her initial grilling where she doesn't uncover any deep dark secrets, Carla starts dating Hank. After a few dates where things go very well, Carla ceremoniously dumps Hank. All are confused, including Hank. Sam finds out that the only thing that Carla and Hank haven't done is make love, Carla hesitant because this issue may be his one major fault. Allowing herself to be vulnerable, Carla whisks Hank off so that they can have some privacy. After they take off, the Coach however lets slip that Hank is indeed hiding a secret from everyone that could really affect if Hank and Carla should really get together. Because of Hank's secret, Carla, regardless, believes she will forever think Hank the best lover she ever had.
784.	Cheers (1982 TV Series)
Episode: Save the Last Dance for Me (1986)
The Boston Boppers television show - Boston's equivalent of American Bandstand - is holding a reunion. Carla and ex-husband Nick used to dance on the show when they were teenagers, they being the best dance couple at the time. Carla wants to go to the reunion with Nick only because there is a dance contest with a first place prize of $500 and trip to Hawaii. However, when Nick - with current wife Loretta in tow - shows up to discuss going to the reunion together with Carla, they get into an argument about who was and is the better dancer. The argument breaks down into a contest pitting Nick against Carla, Nick vowing instead to bring Loretta. Carla first thinks about asking another old Boppers dancer, Eddie Csznyck, a great dancer who always had the dance hots for Carla. Eddie is willing but not able as he has an accident which sidelines him. Diane suggests to Sam that he take Carla. At one point in their relationship, Diane and Sam clandestinely took ballroom dance lessons, and Sam was good. Despite not wanting to ruin his macho image, Sam surprises Carla by telling her that he'll take her and that he's quite a good dancer. At the reunion, Nick/Loretta and Carla/Sam square off, but they are not the only dancers at the reunion. The reunion does show who are the best two dancers.
785.	Cheers (1982 TV Series)
Episode: Love Me, Love My Car (1992)
Woody's parents get a gift for Kelly and Woody: small pet pig named Snuffles. Pet is somewhat of a misnomer as the Boyds, from a farming background, see Snuffles as Christmas dinner. Rebecca has an immediate connection with Snuffles as an animal. She wants to buy Snuffles after she hears about its ultimate fate. When Woody won't sell, Rebecca sets Snuffles free in the country. When Rebecca hears who ends up finding Snuffles, she sees the story as a Christmas miracle, until... Meanwhile, Sam starts dating Susan Metheny, the widow of Kirby, the man who bought Sam's Corvette. Sam is only doing so as he wants his Corvette back at a reduced rate. Susan, a kindergarten teacher, is a nice, sweet, innocent, shy woman who is vulnerable at the best of times, let alone at this grieving point in her life. But Sam only has his Corvette on the brain and doesn't even consider Susan's feelings. Susan ultimately decides that she won't be a pushover this time around when it comes to her feelings, a lesson which Sam learns much like a child would.
786.	Cheers (1982 TV Series)
Episode: Norm's Big Audit (1993)
The gang decide to watch an old Red Sox game on a classic sports channel, a game in which Sam played. As this game took place during one of his drunk years, Sam is unsure if he played well or made a fool of himself in the game. Since he finds out he pitched three innings in the game, he assumes he played well. After Sam makes a big deal about watching the game, Carla reminds him that that game was indeed not one of his finest moments. Sam does whatever he can to prevent the gang from watching it. Meanwhile, Norm is being audited. The auditor is Dot Carroll, a gravelly-voiced, chain-smoking, no-nonsense, scary tough broad. Norm, the ex-accountant, knows he can fudge his way through the audit even without legitimate receipts, but when his tricks don't work, he resorts to a tactic suggested by Carla: flirt. It works, much to Norm's dismay, as Dot invites Norm back to her hotel room. But a faithful Norm now doesn't know what to do as Dot expects a sexual evening. Norm learns that what may work best in the situation is an unexpected approach.
787.	Cheers (1982 TV Series)
Episode: Little Sister, Don't Cha (1983)
While Carla is off on maternity leave, her demure sister, Annette, fills in for her at the bar. To help Annette break out of her shell, the gang eggs Cliff into asking her out. He does, but he's not the first to do so, nor does he know that he isn't the first or the last. Annette's not as shy as she first appears. Cliff falls head over heels for her, and intends to ask her to marry him. As his best friend, Norm feels he should be the one to tell Cliff the truth about Annette. Will Cliff heed the advice of his best friend against the woman he loves?
788.	Cheers (1982 TV Series)
Episode: Personal Business (1983)
After a workplace dispute between Diane and Carla puts Sam in an awkward position, Diane decides that it might be best if she no longer worked at the bar for the betterment of her and Sam's relationship. After two weeks of no bites, Diane finally gets a job as a proofreader at a small publishing company, pending a good reference from her last employer (Sam). During the reference discussion, Sam and Diane find out that her prospective new employer only has sex on his mind. Once again without a job or any other prospects that haven't included sexual favors, Diane is asked by Sam to return to the bar. However she comes to the conclusion that the situation at Cheers is no different than what she has faced in her job search: she is not the best employee and is the boss' girlfriend. Sam counters that he too feels used since Diane's original motives for wanting to work there were solely to bed Sam. For both to regain their professional dignities, they vow that her return would include a set period of solely a professional relationship between the two. Now, how long would it take for each to regain their dignity? With others in the bar, Norm and Vera break-up. Vera tests the dating waters while Norm pretends to do so.
789.	Cheers (1982 TV Series)
Episode: Achilles Hill (1991)
Sam is continuing his battle with upstairs neighbor and the landlord of his pool room and washrooms, John Allen Hill. Sam feels like he needs to do something really to bug Hill. Just then, Sam meets Hills' daughter, Valerie. Sam is not exactly the type of man she usually goes out with, nor is she Sam's type, but he asks her out solely to get under Hill's skin. Having dinner at Melville's, Sam starts to make the moves on Valerie in plain view of Hill. Hill initially feigns disinterest, but ultimately breaks down in tears, telling Sam that he'll give Sam anything if Sam stops seeing Valerie. From this statement, Sam gets his pool room and washrooms rent free, and he gets his parking space back. Immediately, Sam drops Valerie, right in the middle of dinner. Valerie takes Sam rebuke graciously. But immediately after that, Sam decides he wants Valerie back if only because he can't have her, and Valerie still seems interested in Sam, but obviously they will have to keep their relationship a secret from Hill. How will the triangle between Hill, Valerie and Sam resolve itself? Meanwhile, Carla believes the foosball table that Woody finds in the storage closet is possessed. After Frasier gets his hand stuck in it, Carla brings in the person she believes best equipped to handle Frasier's problem.
790.	Cheers (1982 TV Series)
Episode: Mr. Otis Regrets (1990)
Woody is looking for a roommate since his rent is being raised. He finds Terry Gardner - a she, not a he - who, despite her gender, he thinks is perfect, especially since she's from Indiana. But as quickly as Terry moves in, she moves out as she reconciles with her jealous husband, Cutter, who just happens to be a hot tempered old acquaintance of Woody's from back home. Woody has to decide if he will confess to jealous and large Cutter about living with his wife. Meanwhile, Lilith is taking singing lessons as she wants to be able to serenade Frederick, a task at which Frasier scoffs. She may make Frasier eat his words. Elsewhere, Rebecca reads in the society column that Robin's other girlfriend, Jeanne-Marie, the charge d'affaires with the French consulate, is in town to attend a gala Franco-American ball. Rebecca, jealous, asks Sam to attend to the ball to spy on Jeanne-Marie and report back to her. He does so. In fact, he ends up sleeping with Jeanne-Marie in what he considers the best sex he's ever had. A jealous Rebecca wants Sam to recreate the evening he had with Jeanne-Marie with her if only so that she can seduce Robin with Jeanne-Marie's tricks. Sam doesn't tell Rebecca the whole story, but Rebecca fills in a few of the missing details on her own.
791.	Cheers (1982 TV Series)
Episode: Head Over Hill (1991)
Cliff has been chosen to re-enact the first postal run cum pony express in Boston. The problem is is that Cliff is scared of horses. Other fears take over Cliff. Best friend Norm comes to the rescue, but will Cliff appreciate the effort? Back at the bar, Sam is in his continual battle with upstairs neighbor, John Allen Hill. At the end of his rope, Sam decides to pull out the big guns to get back at Hill by using the meanest, evilest thing at his disposal: Carla. Sam leaves it to Carla's discretion about what to do, but Carla only promises to make Hill cry. Later, Carla comes back in a panic. She confides to Lilith and Rebecca that she did the worst thing she possibly could have done: she slept with Hill. Lilith explains to a confused Carla that she and Hill have the classic compulsion/repulsion relationship. Carla is not only confused but she feels that she betrayed Sam. Carla has to come to some resolution with both Sam and Hill about the issue.
792.	Cheers (1982 TV Series)
Episode: Sumner's Return (1983)
Diane's ex-fiance, Sumner Sloan, returns to Cheers looking for Diane. He has come to apologize and suggests to Diane that they go out for dinner so that she can meet his wife Barbara. Diane reluctantly agrees, but when Sumner mentions that Diane is welcome to bring any significant person in her life to the dinner, she does not mention Sam. Finding this out, Sam is hurt and offended, thinking that Diane is ashamed of him, especially in the company of brutally intellectual Sumner. Although she does eventually agree to bring Sam along, he suddenly realizes that he has agreed to a dinner with three intellectuals and that he will come across looking like an idiot. Cliff suggests that a good conversation piece with English professor Sumner would be Tolstoy's massive novel War and Peace, so Sam has five days between now and dinner to read the novel. Staying up for five days and nights, Sam finishes the novel just prior to dinner, however the five sleepless nights has physically and mentally taken its toll on him. Despite his less than lucid state, Sam quickly realizes the purpose for the dinner, which ends up being his worse nightmare. Although Sam comes to the conclusion that the dinner's purpose may be the best outcome for all concerned, Diane may have some other ideas based on War and Peace.
793.	Cheers (1982 TV Series)
Episode: It's Lonely on the Top (1993)
Because of Woody's civic election win, Sam needs another bartender, a job he gives to Carla. To celebrate, Carla, whips up a batch of one of her powerhouse drinks for the guys. The day after, everyone has a hangover. What's worse, Carla, who imbibed and got drunk herself, has a sneaking suspicion that she took someone home and slept with him, that person she believes being one of the Cheers regulars. She confides in Sam alone, and after he tells her it wasn't him, she panics and they both ponder who it could have been, with her worse nightmare having it be Cliff. When her bed-mate ultimately reveals himself, Carla and Sam have to decide how best to handle the information. Two other revelations come to light in the aftermath of the drunken spree. And Sam makes an admission of his own to Carla to make her feel better about her own further revelation.
794.	Cheers (1982 TV Series)
Episode: Fools and Their Money (1985)
Frasier is taking stock of his relationship, or ex-relationship with Diane, and although he wants to move on, he isn't dealing with it very well. He and Diane get into several words, none of them kind. Frasier tries to take some solace - very little solace at that - by "hanging out with the guys" who are watching football on this typical Sunday. Woody is having the best time as this week will be the third in a row that he will have won the bar's football pool. Norm offhandedly muses about how much money Woody would have won through real betting. Woody feels mentally ready to do so, and asks Sam, who knows a bookie, to place a $1,000 bet for him, that amount his life savings. Sam is reluctant to do so, even more so when he sees that many of Woody's picks are underdogs, but does agree when Woody seems determined to find anyone to do it for him. The next week, everyone is surprised that Woody actually won his bet, netting him $10,000. But an act by Sam may threaten those winnings, which perhaps can be solved by a certain car or a certain song.
795.	Cheers (1982 TV Series)
Episode: A Ditch in Time (1984)
Sam hits on a woman in the bar named Amanda Boyer, and is successful in charming "the socks off her". They makes plans to go out, however Amanda has to wait to meet "a friend", who just happens to be Diane. When Diane finds out that Sam has made plans to go out with Amanda, Diane warns him not to go out with her, only implying that Amanda's crazy, the specific reason beyond that Diane won't give. Sam thinks Diane is just still full of sour grapes over their past relationship. Sam ignores Diane's warnings and goes out with Amanda. After Sam returns from dinner alone, Diane grills him about Amanda and his plans with her. Although he doesn't think Amanda's quite his type, he does plan on asking her out again. To spare Sam, Diane finally tells Sam about Amanda: the two met at Goldenbrook, the sanitarium. Amanda's problem is that she is obsessive and possessive with men with whom she is fixated. After Sam gets a taste of Amanda's possessiveness and fixation, Sam and Diane discuss the best way to get rid of Amanda from Sam's life without Amanda hurting herself or hurting Sam. Ultimately, Diane thinks she has the solution to Sam's problem, which he isn't sure he really likes if only for his ego.
796.	Cheers (1982 TV Series)
Episode: Feeble Attraction (1989)
Due to declining business since he has decided not to work, Norm has to fire his secretary, the mild mannered Doris. He writes her a letter of reference, which in her warped mind she misconstrues as a love letter. She confesses her supposed mutual love for Norm. Despite subtle and not so subtle hints from Norm, Doris just won't leave him alone. Frasier tells Norm that she is suffering from lack of self-esteem and he needs to build up her confidence to get rid of her. But a confession by Doris as to why she wasn't attracted to him when she worked for him gives Norm the idea of how best to get her to stop loving him. Meanwhile, Woody and Rebecca bore the gang with their respective stories. Woody's is about the coldest day ever in Boston, knowledge of which ultimately comes in handy. Rebecca's is about the antique desk that Robin has given her as a gift. He has let her know that there is a ring associated with the desk, the 'where' he will divulge to her next he sees her in two weeks. She believes the word in front of 'ring' is 'engagement' and she does whatever she can to find it or a clue in the desk as to its whereabouts. Could the ring refer to something else?
797.	Cheers (1982 TV Series)
Episode: Strange Bedfellows: Part 3 (1986)
Norm continues to have supposed problems with his sister-in-law Donna, which is made worse by Vera's absence. Meanwhile, Diane returns to Cheers, despite her assertion that she would never step foot in there again, if only to apologize to Sam about accidentally eavesdropping on his and Janet's private conversation. Diane doesn't have an opportunity to do what she wants, but gains some intelligence on how best to get the upper hand in her and Sam's relationship, which leads to a public spectacle. The aftermath of that spectacle leads to Sam coming to a conclusion about his marital life. Sam picks up the telephone and tells the person on the other end that he wants to marry her.
798.	Cheers (1982 TV Series)
Episode: To All the Girls I've Loved Before (1988)
Frasier and Lilith's wedding is nearing, and their best man and maid of honor, Sam and a very surprised Rebecca, are throwing them each a bachelor/bachelorette party. However Lilith is annoyed at Frasier's increased frequency of snide remarks about marriage and sees it possibly as a sign he is having second thoughts. So she says to him directly that she will give him his freedom if he so desires, and will await a telephone call from him after the party to tell her if he still wants to get married. An unexpected guest at the bachelor party makes Frasier really contemplate into what he's about to enter. Frasier calls Rebecca's, where the bachelorette party is being held, to talk to Lilith. That call makes Frasier think even more about the wedding. Lilith has made a decision of her own, one induced by alcohol, a male stripper and a missed telephone call. By the end of the evening, Sam comes to some conclusions of his own about the joys of single life.
799.	Cheers (1982 TV Series)
Episode: Carla Loves Clavin (1991)
It's time for the 53rd annual Miss Boston Barmaid contest, and this year it's being held at Cheers again, but Sam's not happy. The contest organizers have changed the format where beauty, chest size and overall bimbo-ness account for nothing. Rather, it's now a contest of true waitressing skills. Despite this, Carla is not interested in entering - she knows she can be the best waitress in the world if she wants to be (self-admittedly, her "friendliness" quotient is a bit lacking) and doesn't need anyone to tell her so - until she learns that first prize is a new Mazda Miata convertible. She will do anything to win that car. On the day of the contest, she obtains a confidential document naming the three judges, one of whom is none other than Cheers' own Cliff. Norm convinces Carla that to win the contest, Carla has to be nice to Cliff, not exactly the easiest thing in the world to do for Carla. Carla has to decide if the Miata or being nasty to Cliff is of greater priority. By contest time, Carla will learn if she made the right decision. At the end of it all, at least Sam's faith in the world is restored.
800.	Cheers (1982 TV Series)
Episode: Finally!: Part 2 (1990)
Despite being a self-professed womanizer himself, Sam can no longer support Robin's cheating on Rebecca since she is his friend. Sam managed to get Rebecca out of Little Wally's with an exaggerated lie without her spotting Robin with his other date, but he is now regretting doing so, that is until Robin bribes Sam's silence by promising to buy Cheers back for him. Sam ultimately decides to decline the bribe and tell Rebecca the truth. When he does, she doesn't believe him. She thinks he's just jealous. But Rebecca learns the truth when she hides in Robin's limousine to surprise him, when in turn he surprises her when his other date, ballerina Christine Davi, bounds into the limousine. Christine has some morals and dumps Robin right then and there. Perhaps Rebecca has some morals as well, but it's going to take a little while for herself to figure that out. With Christine out of the way, Robin's affections are down to two: Rebecca and a charge d'affaires at the French consulate. Rebecca has to decide between how best to get Robin or do what is right. Maybe both will result in the same end goal.
801.	Cheers (1982 TV Series)
Episode: The Guy Can't Help It (1993)
Don Santry walks into the bar and into Rebecca's life. He's the repairman called into fix the bar tap. Although Don is not Rebecca's usual type, Frasier talks her into taking a chance when she states that someone like a Don is what she should be going after. Quickly, she falls head over heals, but Sam thinks she's settling for second best. He wants Rebecca to be his fall-back if in a couple of years he has not found "Mrs. Malone". Rebecca shoots back that he is an aging Lothario way past his prime. Frasier suggests to Sam, who is hurt by Rebecca's comments, that perhaps there is some truth to Rebecca's assertion about him and that he would benefit by group therapy for sexual compulsives. Sam does go to the meeting, and after a rough start, he does admit that perhaps he is no longer happy with his life.
802.	Cheers (1982 TV Series)
Episode: Sammy and the Professor (1990)
Alice Anne Volkman, Rebecca's old college professor and mentor, is coming by the bar to meet up with Rebecca. Rebecca is in awe of the woman. Despite Rebecca not being the best student and a bit of a suck up, Alice liked her for her sheer determination. Sam sees Alice's visit as an opportunity to pick the brain of a business professor as to ways to buy back the bar. As with Sam and any woman, they end up sleeping together. Rebecca is shocked that her mentor would slum with the likes of Sam. Although a one-nighter in Sam's mind, Rebecca believes that for a woman with the class of Alice, she probably is expecting some sort of commitment from Sam. As it turns out, it too was just a casual fling for Alice. Rebecca, conflicted about her feelings as she feels it showed low morals for someone like Alice to sleep casually with Sam, has to decide whether to stand up to her mentor and risk losing her friendship, or continue to be the suck up she always has been while no longer respecting her. Meanwhile, Carla is being audited by the IRS and uses Norm's accounting services and advice, which may or may not be such a good idea as Norm advises her to submit fake receipts.
803.	Cheers (1982 TV Series)
Episode: Please Mr. Postman (1989)
Cliff is saddled with the task of training a new postal employee, and he's not too happy about a rookie getting in his way. However he changes his tune when he meets her: Margaret 'Maggie' O'Keefe. Maggie is as passionate about the post office as Cliff, and she vows, with his mentoring, to be the second best postal employee behind him. Maggie's post office passion transfers itself to Cliff, who is as surprised and as nervous as he's ever been to this revelation as it will be his first time with a woman. At their scheduled rendezvous at an out of the way motel, things are going well until a policeman comes by asking the motel guests about the stolen postal truck, obviously the one Maggie used to drive to the motel. Will Maggie's actions be a deal breaker for sex-starved Cliff? Meanwhile, in Sam's never ending quest to bed Rebecca, Frasier suggests that he find the one sensory stimulus that turns Rebecca's crank. She admits to Sam that she does have one, it being a song from her teen-aged years. Will Sam be able to find out the song from the hundreds of thousands that have been written, and if so can Rebecca mask her feelings about the song in front of Sam?
804.	Cheers (1982 TV Series)
Episode: Unplanned Parenthood (1991)
Everyone at the bar is questioning Sam and Rebecca's want to have a baby. Some are dismayed that they have decided to take this measure out of wedlock, while others doubt the ultimate parenting skills that either Sam or Rebecca possess, or as is the case may be don't possess. To address the latter, Lilith suggests that Sam and Rebecca should have an evening alone babysitting someone else's child. Without Frederick available for the job, Rebecca decides she and Sam should give themselves the ultimate test: looking after Carla's seven kids (the eldest Anthony, won't be around as he's serving time) for one evening. Carla is all for the idea if only to have an evening away from her unruly mob. But what will Sam and Rebecca think about having a child after this evening is over? Meanwhile, Woody wants his parents to meet Kelly. Since he doesn't have the money for Kelly and him to take a trip back to Hanover, he decides on the next best thing: to make and send to them a videotape of Kelly and himself. Cliff and Frasier volunteer to be director/videotaper, which may prove an obstacle in and of itself in getting the video shot and sent.
805.	Cheers (1982 TV Series)
Episode: Coach in Love: Part 2 (1984)
It's been a couple of weeks since Coach and Irene got engaged and since Irene won $2 million in the lottery. However, Coach hasn't seen her at all. In fact she's postponed the wedding a couple of times and even moved, which she didn't tell Coach. It's obvious to everyone at the bar that it is over between Coach and Irene, everyone that is except Coach. Sam takes Coach aside to give him the facts. Just before Sam states the final obvious fact that Irene no longer wants to get married to Coach, Coach asks Sam to be his best man. Sam no longer has the heart to tell Coach the truth. Irene finally shows up, basically telling Coach that things are over between the two of them since "money changes people" and she is a changed person. Coach still thinks Irene is only going through a phase, and that she will eventually come back to him. So Coach still prepares for the wedding. By the scheduled wedding day, Coach, having every faith in humanity, is still certain Irene will show up. With others in the bar, Cliff continues to bore everyone with his Florida stories, and Sam and Diane continue their "who loves who" banter with each other.
806.	Cheers (1982 TV Series)
Episode: The Book of Samuel (1986)
When Sam goes away on vacation, he chooses Woody to be boss at the bar. Woody is prepared to do so, but unprepared for the Dear John letter he receives from Beth. Wanting to explain in person, Beth and her fiance, Leonard Twilley - who Woody knows - plan on stopping in Boston on their way to Niagara Falls. Although Woody is sad, he is more fearful of looking pitiful in Beth's eyes by not having his own girl on his arms. Seeing that Beth and Leonard's stopover is a short one, Diane thinks that making up a girlfriend for Woody is not a bad idea. However Beth and Leonard's stopover is a bit longer than either Diane or Woody thought, and Beth suggests that they, including Woody's girlfriend, go out for dinner. As a last resort, Woody picks a name out of Sam's little black book - Desiree Harrison - who, according to Sam "is the best" and has multiple stars next to her name. When Desiree comes to the bar at the appointed time, she is not what quite Woody expects.
807.	Cheers (1982 TV Series)
Episode: And God Created Woodman (1988)
Cliff goes into the mail order shoe business. At only $19.99 a pop, all the guys in the bar decide to get a pair. When the shoes arrive, the guys are all amazed at how comfortable and good looking the shoes are, but... Meanwhile, Rebecca thinks that she finally has her ticket out of the bar. Daniel T. Collier, the Chairman of the Board of the corporation - which by the way is called Lillian - asks her to organize a cocktail party at his house. Against Rebecca's better judgment, she agrees to hire Sam and Woody to tend bar at the party. The party is going well until Woody empties some garbage into what he thinks is a garbage can, but is really a priceless antique vase. What's worse is that Rebecca accidentally breaks the vase while she's emptying it out. Admissions to Mr. Collier aka Pinky as to who did what to the vase has an unexpected short to medium term result, despite Woody and Sam's best efforts to be the martyrs.
808.	Cheers (1982 TV Series)
Episode: Smotherly Love (1992)
Betty Sternin, Lilith's mother, is coming to Boston for a visit. Frasier is dreading the thought as Betty is not the most easy going person in the world and Lilith cannot stand up to her mother. Frasier vows not to argue with Betty during her visit. Even Betty gets the best of Carla. Since Betty missed her daughter's wedding, she wants Frasier and Lilith to renew their vows. Betty takes control of the situation. Lilith, feeling steamrolled into doing something she doesn't want to do, has to get up the nerve to stand up to her mother for the first time in her life. Meanwhile, Sam finagles a trip to Atlantic City with Debbie, a dumb blond he meets in the bar. Norm asks Sam to make a large bet for him, which comes through. Rebecca and Sam hope Norm will apply his large windfall to his ever growing bar tab. Subtle hints don't seem to be working. Less than subtle hints don't seem to be working. But Norm has his own plans for the money.
809.	Cheers (1982 TV Series)
Episode: Thanksgiving Orphans (1986)
Thanksgiving is approaching and no one has anything to do except Diane, who is among a select few graduate students one of her professors has asked to spend Thanksgiving with his family, celebrating in the pilgrim's tradition. Diane suggests that the rest of the gang spend Thanksgiving together in Carla's new home. Carla agrees to a potluck dinner, with Norm in charge of the humongous turkey. Woody, Cliff and Frasier are solo for the day, but Sam is to bring his date Wendy and Norm is to bring his never seen wife Vera. They all vow to make this Thanksgiving the best ever. But some invited guests end up being no shows, and one uninvited guest makes an appearance. The guest list ends up being the smallest of the problems that ultimately befall this Thanksgiving. Regardless, this Thanksgiving does end up being a memorable one for all involved and in some ways the best ever.
810.	Cheers (1982 TV Series)
Episode: How Do I Love Thee?... Let Me Call You Back (1983)
After Diane gives Sam a lavish gift of tickets to a Marvin Hagglar bout, Sam casually tells her that he loves her. To Diane, his comment is a meaningful gesture of their relationship. However to Sam, his comment is just something casual he would say to anyone. This dichotomy places Diane at a place where she feels they need to reevaluate their relationship, what their relationship actually means to each other and why they are together. They decide that perhaps they should take some time off from each other - a week - to do some soul searching about their relationship. If they can't come up with something constructive to say to each other after that time, Diane feels they should call the whole thing off. Sam uses the time away to go back to his male bonding with the guys in the bar. Although he has thought about his relationship with Diane and has yet come up empty, he isn't worried since he feels he has always worked best under pressure. When Sam and Diane eventually get back together to discuss their thoughts about their relationship, Sam comes up with something on a different but associated issue that gets an unexpected reaction from Diane.
811.	Cheers (1982 TV Series)
Episode: Coach Buries a Grudge (1984)
Coach has gone to Phoenix for the funeral of his best friend, T-Bone Scappagioni. T-Bone and Coach played together in the minors and coached together for the Red Sox. Sam admits that he personally never liked T-Bone, the reason he didn't go to the funeral. Coach, having returned to the bar, admits that the funeral was a bit impersonal since T-Bone had lived in Phoenix for only a short time, so not that many there knew him well. Diane suggests that they should hold a memorial at the bar in Boston where all his old friends still live. After the plans for the memorial are all set, Sam tells Diane the reason that he didn't like T-Bone: T-Bone once made a play for Coach's wife, Angela, who confided the incident to Sam in secret. Coach overhears their conversation. Despite the fact that Coach now hates T-Bone, Sam and Diane tell him to at least deal with his feelings. Coach decides to go through with the memorial, where he wants to spill his guts about his hard feelings toward T-Bone. The memorial doesn't turn out quite the way Coach had envisioned, all because of other revelations and a move by Diane.
812.	10 Things I Hate About You (1999)
Adapted from William Shakespeare's play "The Taming of the Shrew," 10 Things I Hate About You starts off with Cameron, new student at Padua High, sitting in the office of the quirky guidance counselor Ms. Perky. He is then shown around the school by Michael, who will become his best friend. During his tour is when Cameron first sees Bianca Stratford, a beautiful sophomore with one problem: she isn't allowed to date. And neither is her "shrew" sister, Katarina, a senior who loves indie rock and feminist prose and hates conformity. But Kat and Bianca's father alters his house rule: now, Bianca can date... as long as Kat has a date, too. Now, in order for Cameron to date Bianca, he has to find someone to date Kat. So Michael helps him enlist the help of pretty-boy/jerk/model Joey Donner, tricking him into thinking that *he* will get to take Bianca out if he pays someone to take out Kat. His choice: Patrick Verona, a bad-boy with a mysterious reputation--some say he ate a live duck once, others that he lit a state trooper on fire, and even more claim that he had a brief porn career. Will Patrick win Kat's heart? Will Cameron win Bianca's? Or will everything hit the fan...?
813.	The Kettering Incident (2016 TV Series)
Anna Macy (played by Elizabeth Debicki) is a highly-regarded doctor, working at a hospital in London. Suffering from frequent headaches and other ill-health, she returns to her home town of Kettering, Tasmania. She left the town under a cloud 15 years earlier after her best friend Gillian disappeared. Back now, she finds that the old animosities remain. Moreover, the strange phenomena that accompanied Gillian's disappearance remain and another girl has disappeared.
814.	Murdoch Mysteries (2008 TV Series)
Episode: Blast of Silence (2014)
Detective Murdoch and his colleagues face an entirely new dilemma when they find a local industrialist, Richard Welch, tied down at the top of a telephone pole with a noise-activated bomb strapped to his chest. Mayor Clarkson orders all industries in the area shut down and the police do their best to keep the noise pollution to a minimum. Under pressure, the mayor eventually relents and work resumes leading to the bomb going off. The next victim turns out to be the mayor himself and Murdoch has only 3 hours to find the culprit and deactivate the device. Meanwhile, Julia is increasingly frustrated as Murdoch has yet to ask to ask her the big question.
815.	Murdoch Mysteries (2008 TV Series)
Episode: Blood and Circuses (2010)
Detective Murdoch deals with an interesting assortment of suspects when a circus animal trainer Kitty Walker is found dead, apparently attacked by the tiger in her charge. When the circus tries to leave town hurriedly, Murdoch has them all arrested and the station house is soon filled a variety of exotic characters. The manager, Pierre Barnett, had found her half-eaten inside inside the tiger's cage and it all seems to be nothing more than an accident until Dr. Ogden's autopsy reveals the animal had likely been starved for several days before the attack. Her autopsy of Kitty also shows that she was murdered - and not by the tiger, but stabbed in the throat. Kitty's best friend Ivy points the finger at the hirsute Count Leoline who in turn points to the magician. When one of the circus performers is killed in a jail cell, Murdoch has a second murder to solve.
816.	90210 (2008 TV Series)
Episode: To Thine Own Self Be True (2009)
Kelly continues to support Silver as she deals with Jackie's declining health, despite that she is conflicted about whether or not she can forgiver her mother for the life-long pain and abuse she caused to both her and Silver. Navid confronts Adrianna about her renewed drug use, but this time, she rudely tells him off for turning his back on her. Meanwhile, Harry and Debbie are surprised when Annie informs them she would like to invite Jasper over for dinner at their house. Despite Annie telling Jasper to be on his best behavior, the dinner proceeds very uncomfortably for everyone. Dixon, still alienated and upset with his entire foster family, especially Debbie over her handling of the Sasha situation, declines to join them, and instead teams up that night with Ivy and Navid to set a plan for Liam to tell Naomi the truth about Jen despite knowing that Naomi will not believe them, even with evidence. Elsewhere, Ryan and Jen's relationship is taken to a new level when he convinces her to go on a weekend camping trip. Also, Naomi and Jamie's secret romance is finally found out when Richard and his mother walk in on them in Richard and Jamie's dorm room which finally forces Naomi to come clean about her plans to get accepted into CU.
817.	90210 (2008 TV Series)
Episode: Senior Year, Baby (2010)
Beverly Hills is rocked by an earthquake. Naomi has spent the summer dealing with the aftermath of her rape by Mr. Cannon, Annie and Dixon are dealing with the absence of their father while Debbie tries to hold the family together. Teddy and Silver find themselves happier than ever until he suffers an injury that could end his tennis career. Navid welcomes Adrianna back from her summer tour with Javier, but their arrival brings an unexpected death. Ivy and Dixon return from their summer vacation in Australia, while Annie and Liam discover their friendship may be best if it ends.
818.	90210 (2008 TV Series)
Episode: We're Not in Kansas Anymore (2008)
The Wilson family arrives in Beverly Hills, after Harrison "Harry" Wilson takes a job as the principal at West Beverly High School, while his children, Annie and Dixon, attend the school during their first week much to the awkward circumstances of their father watching over them, while Harry and his photographer wife, Debbie, also keep a close eye on Harry's washed-up, alcoholic, actress mother, Tabitha. For Annie and Dixon, the school is one big culture shock for Annie, a sweet and friendly girl with a passion for the theater, and Dixon, a star athlete and scholar who was adopted by the Wilson family after they took him in as a foster child. Annie and Dixon have a close sibling relationship, which they'll need to help them cope with all the new cliques and classmates, including Naomi Clark, a hot and stereotypical spoiled rich girl who believes that money buys everything; Ethan Ward, Annie's former boyfriend from Kansas who's now Naomi's boyfriend, and a popular lacrosse star whose abilities rival Dixon's; Navid Shirazi, an aspiring student reporter who heads up the school's daily TV newscast; and Erin Silver, a rebel and wanna-be socialite who produces and stars in a YouTube-type video series, and who develops a crush on Dixon. Adrianna is a fellow student and theater "goddess" who is Naomi Clark's best friend... and Ethan Ward's secret girlfriend, and who has a serious drug addiction; George Evans is an arrogant West Beverly High student, who takes an instant dislike to Dixon because of his race (Dixon is black). Wendy is "sexy vixen" student at West Beverly Hills High who takes every advantage of her looks; Ty Collins is another student and theater major. Even the faculty seems hip and sophisticated at the school whom include the smart and funny teacher Ryan Matthews, beautiful guidance counselor Kelly Taylor, and successful theater actress-turned-high school-musical director Brenda Walsh. The Wilson family has just begun to realize how much their lives are about to change.
819.	90210 (2008 TV Series)
Episode: The Con (2012)
Max tries to figure out how his company's video game technology got hacked, so Naomi and Alec work together to demo the video game at annual Phenomi-Con in Santa Barbara despite both of them not trusting each other and both of them equally unaware that Colin is the real culprit behind the hacking. When everyone finds out that it was Colin all along, Annie is upset about choosing the wrong guy yet again but happy at the prospect of starting something with Riley. Meanwhile, Taylor feels guilty for hooking up with Adrianna, so he tells her to end things with Dixon if she wants to be with him. But before Adrianna can do so, Dixon collapses due to a spinal infection, and Adrianna learns that he stopped taking his pain medication because he was afraid to become addicted to drugs again. Liam and Lindsey keep their relationship under wraps, but when Navid's jealous streak gets the best of him, he arranges for Liam and Lindsey's sex tape to be shown in place of a sneak peek of Liam's new movie at Phenomi-Com that ends their relationship and Lindsey's teaching career. When Liam and Silver realize Navid leaked it, they both cut ties with him for good.
820.	90210 (2008 TV Series)
Episode: Of Heartbreaks and Hotels (2009)
As Valentine's Day approaches, Adrianna's pregnancy now becomes the talk of the entire school as her 'baby bump' begins to show, while Navid continues to ignore her and grows more closer to Nika. Meanwhile, Silver asks Naomi for help in planning to make the best Valentine's Day ever for Dixon by setting up a dinner at the hotel where Naomi is now living at. But later, Dixon freaks out when Silver gets a much too permanent tattoo of their love to try to bring them back together. Also, Ethan's friendship with Rhonda continues to blossom which makes Annie very jealous, while she begins taking acting workshop lessons and tries to find her own motivation. But Rhonda begins using her medical condition to manipulate Ryan's too-trusting kindness to lead him more closer to her. Elsewhere, Naomi meets Liam Court, a bartender at the hotel in which they click romantically at once, but suspicion plagues Naomi as to whom Liam is when he does not want to talk about his personal life.
821.	90210 (2008 TV Series)
Episode: A Trip to the Moon (2009)
Jackie asks Teddy to help her plan a surprise half-birthday party for Silver, which makes Silver think back her past childhood birthday parties which were apparently her best times. Meanwhile, Navid witnesses Adrianna buying drugs from Jasper, forcing Navid to confront him about being a drug dealer. But Jasper threatens to reveal some dirt that he has on Navid should he turn him in. Dixon is determined to confront Sasha about her "miscarriage", which forces Debbie and Harry to reveal that Sasha lied about being pregnant. Elsewhere, Annie and Jasper profess their love for each other and decide to take their relationship to "the next level". After getting into a fight on the beach during surfing practice, Liam confides in Dixon, Teddy, and Ivy about Naomi's sister Jen seducing him during prom night and he wants to devise a plan to seek revenge on Jen.
822.	90210 (2008 TV Series)
Episode: Mother Dearest (2010)
Adrianna has to un-invite Navid to her magazine premiere party after Victor arranges for her to go with Joe Jonas to boost her image. Annie and Dixon visit their dad but are shocked when a woman answers the door. A series of mishaps lead Jen to conclude that she is a bad mother, so she makes a decision with Ryan and her son's best interest in mind. Naomi and Ivy team up to seek revenge on Oscar with a plan that involves skinny-dipping in the Beach Club pool. Navid discovers that his father may be using underage girls in his porn films and convinces Silver to go undercover.
823.	Dawson's Creek (1998 TV Series)
Set in a small coastal, Massachusetts town named Capeside, Dawson's Creek tells the story of four teenagers as they struggle through adolescence. This is particularly true for 15-year-olds Dawson Leery, an introspective dreamer and Joey Potter, a precocious tomboy unaware of her beauty. Best friends since childhood, they are about to enter that confusing time in life where nothing is the way it was and nothing is as it seems.
824.	Dawson's Creek (1998 TV Series)
Episode: All the Right Moves (2003)
Harley tries to encourage Joey to make up with Eddie after they find him now living with his parents in nearby Worcester, and even gets him to return to her with a made-up story about Joey being pregnant. Meanwhile, Audrey returns from L.A. with a more positive attitude. After apologizing to her friends, Emma takes Audrey back in the band Hell's Belles for a big concert. But Audrey cannot stay away from liquor in which she performs drunk, and passes out on stage, and Emma fires her from the band. Meanwhile, Pacey is invited by Rinaldi to an exclusive party for the best stockbrokers and gets a promotion of handling a mysterious account led by the shady pharmaceutical entrepreneur Roger Stepavich to handle the client's major pharmaceutical company. All is well until a mysterious woman tells Pacey that all that good might have some bad, which raises suspicions on Pacey about Rinaldi's true intentions towards him.
825.	Dawson's Creek (1998 TV Series)
Episode: Crime & Punishment (2000)
Joey is chosen to be part of a group of students to paint a school mural, but when hers is defaced before the unveiling, Dawson offers words of encouragement while Pacey takes action and risks suspension when he goes in search of the culprit whom he suspects to be Matt. When Andie's PSAT scores rank among the best in the country, she feels tremendously guilt-ridden and gambles with everything she has worked for by telling Principal Green about the previously stolen PSAT test. Also, Pacey moves in with his brother, Doug, when their divorced sister and her kids move back into the Witter house and take over Pacey's room.
826.	Dawson's Creek (1998 TV Series)
Episode: Road Trip (1998)
Boisterous Billy Konrad convinces Dawson the best way to get over his break-up is to come, with Pacey, on a boys dating trip to the city, Providence, by ferry; on board 'boring' Dawson is tempted to prove he can be mischievous fun too, masterminding a rather mean prank involving a mooning by Pacey to a hot-tempered victim, whose car is chained down to its damage. Back home, studly jock Warren Goering uses his ladies man-reputation to make the whole school believe Joey Potter did it with him, but Jen finds out he's just as desperate a virgin and even worse given the reason, and their attitude is ruthlessly vindictive despite his accommodating, sporting reaction. In a pick-up bar in Providence, sensitive, timid Dawson sees trough Billy's plan to use him as bad boy preparing the chick, gets a girl to his taste charmed utterly willing but decides against being 'unfaithfull'.
827.	Dawson's Creek (1998 TV Series)
Episode: Future Tense (2000)
Everybody starts to think about their future, and how they are getting into college with Joey concerned about Pacey not having grades good enough to graduate and she being Number Four among the top 10 best in school. Drue makes everybody think it's Jen's birthday so he can throw a party and make the moves on her in which it's revealed that that they've known each other when he used to live back in New York. At the gathering, a worried Joey gets drunk and says some concerning things to everyone involved. Meanwhile, Andie takes over Jack's applications for college and drives him crazy with her obsession over it while he is recovering from a pulled shoulder he gets at football practice. Gretchen gets a job as the bartender at Gail's restaurant, and talks with Dawson about his life problems and hers about the real reason why she dropped out of college.
828.	Dawson's Creek (1998 TV Series)
Episode: Self Reliance (2000)
When Bessie takes a weekend getaway, Joey's hoping to get some studying done. But between her responsibilities at the B&B and Pacey's affections, Joey's hard pressed to find a moment alone to study for an English exam, and as if that wasn't enough, she's trying to cope with her feelings about having seen Dawson kiss Gretchen the other night at the Christmas party. Pacey's got his own issues with that 'kiss' and he's convinced Dawson and Joey need closure, once and for all. Meanwhile, Dawson's collaboration with A.I. Brooks on a documentary on his life story begins, which rejuvenates Dawson's filmmaking spirit and learns more about Mr. Brooks, whom never got over his best friend stealing away his girlfriend. Also, Jen takes Jack to a "Gay-Straight Coalition" meeting in the hopes that he'll meet some gay friends. But Jen seems to fit in with the crowd more than Jack does, who meets the militant founder Tobey.
829.	Dawson's Creek (1998 TV Series)
Episode: True Love (2000)
Pressured by two parties, Joey ultimately must choose between her love for Dawson and her new feelings for Pacey who's planning a summer getaway by sailing down the coast on his new boat, 'True Love.' Meanwhile, Grams talks about love and regret with Jen over the departed Henry, and encourages her, with Jack and Andie tagging along, for an all-night drive to Ohio so that Jen can see Henry one last time. They then take Jack to Boston to see Ethan who tells him that he has returned to his gay boyfriend. Also, Mitch and Gail decide to get remarried and have the ceremony at their house with Dawson as the best man and Joey as the maid of honor. At the end, Dawson encourages Joey to make a move to follow her own path, and she runs off to join Pacey on his boat, leaving Dawson emotionally beaten and alone once again.
830.	Dawson's Creek (1998 TV Series)
Episode: Kiss Kiss Bang Bang (2000)
Jen reveals an important decision she's made with regards to college while Jack and Grams make a decision on their own for her. When Dawson comes up empty with answers to an important question on his college essay on registration for USC Film School, he turns to Mr. Brooks for inspiration and learns that Mr. Brooks' life in Hollywood eerily parallels Dawson's own life when Mr. Brooks left the filmmaking business after his best friend and girlfriend got together. Meanwhile, Pacey accompanies Joey to a formal party at the Yacht Club for prospective Worthington College students where the visiting dean, Walter Kubelik is impressed... with Pacey. Also, Gretchen takes over planning for Gail and Mitch's Christmas party at the restaurant where Mr. Brooks has a meeting of minds with Grams Ryan.
831.	Dawson's Creek (1998 TV Series)
Episode: Four Stories (2001)
Unusual episode about four separate plots told in chronological order rather than concurrently as in previous episodes. "About Last Night": Left behind at the ski lodge, Pacey and Joey are forced to go home by bus where they talk about their sordid night before where he is insecure about his performance and she brings up her own insecurity. "The Big Picture": In Capeside, Dawson is forced to face Mr. Brooks' death by going through his belongings with Gretchen. But soon, Dawson gets surprised to find out that he is Mr. Brooks' will and finds himself with a lot of money in his hands, and no idea of what to do with it. "Excess Baggage": As punishment for breaking into her hotel mini-bar and getting drunk during the class ski trip, Jen is forced to see a psychologist where she can discuss her "inner teen issues." But Jen finds the psychologist, Dr. Tom Frost, to know more about Jen than she does about herself. "Seems Like Old Times": Joey's path with Dawson's collide when they spend an evening catching up on the past weekend and its many happenings. Dawson thinks Joey is different in some way. Here, he asks her the big question: did she or did she not have sex with Pacey during the ski trip? Torn between hurting her best friend by being honest, or lying to him, Joey outright lies and says she didn't sleep with Pacey.
832.	Dawson's Creek (1998 TV Series)
Episode: In a Lonely Place (2002)
Professor Wilder ends whatever romance he had with Joey, and refuses to listen to an explanation of why she stood him up the night before by saying it was for the best. Joey is shocked, but not as much as when she spots him at the movies with another woman during an outing with Dawson. Meanwhile, Jen has to interview a band for her radio show, but things aren't as easy as she hoped when she has to fight flirtation at all costs with one of the members of the band, while Audrey does the same with another member. After Audrey refuses to give her growing relationship with Pacey another chance, he goes out with Jack to a gay bar where Jack shows Pacey an inside look at what it feels like being a woman.
833.	The Giver (2014)
After The Ruin, a colorless equalitarian society is formed without memories and everyone follows rules established by the Chief Elder and the Elders. The population uses drugs to stay happy and on the day of the graduation, the teenagers leave their childhood and are assigned to a career chosen by the Elders. Jonas lives with his parents and has two best friends, Fiona and Asher, and he feels different from his friends. He is assigned to be the Receiver of Memories and he is trained by his mentor, The Giver, who gives memories of the world before The Ruin. Jonas learns emotions such as love and fear and the concept of family. When he discovers that the baby Gabriel that he loves as a brother will be eliminated, he decides to change his society but the Chief Elder will do anything to stop him.
A young boy named Jonas lives in a equalized, non-colored, joy filled city where there is no knowledge of love, pain, etc. When Jonas and his best friends Asher and Fiona are graduating from their childhood, Jonas is chosen to be The Receiver (of memories.) Because of this, he meets an elder named The Giver. While he visits The Giver, they look at memories of past world, feel pain, and feel love. While Jonas shares his memories, he is followed by Chief Elder, and gets in trouble. When Jonas visits The Giver one day, he discovers that a little boy he names Gabriel, will be terminated. Jonas tries to save him, and give the whole his abilities to see color, feel pain, and show and receive love. But will he succeed?
834.	The Night Shift (2014 TV Series)
Episode: By Dawn's Early Light (2016)
TC and Topher rush to the scene of a concert where a fireworks explosion has caused massive chaos. As the two jump in to manage the mess, a second explosion causes problems for one of our own. Syd returns from Afghanistan and helps out with the team at San Antonio Memorial but finds herself grappling with best plans for herself and her young daughter. Drew tries to help but runs afoul of their unique family dynamic. Paul and Shannon put aside their differences to treat a patient and find they have more in common than they thought. Meanwhile, Jordan and Scott treat a patient injured in the fireworks explosion and have a chance to address some simmering differences.
835.	The Night Shift (2014 TV Series)
Episode: Three-Two-One (2016)
As the city erupts in violence over an impending jury verdict, the night shift becomes ground zero when they have to take in the man suspected of the racially-motivated shooting at the source of the unrest. His presence in the emergency room sparks sharp conversation and disagreements among the staff over the highly-charged topic and even close friends Kenny and Paul find themselves at odds. Topher does his best to control the mounting chaos in the ER while out in the field, TC makes a decision as to which of two patients to bring in, leaving Paul and Scott to question TC's motives.
836.	Death in Paradise (2011 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.2 (2011)
Lisa Moore is murdered with a spear-gun minutes after her beach wedding,in a room for which she had no key. Aided by new sergeant Camille Poole suspects Lisa was having an affair,either with best man Adam or the hunky diving-instructor Stefan,whose prints are the only ones on the murder weapon. Then it is announced that Lisa was an heiress,due to inherit a large legacy on getting married. So was the motive greed or a crime of passion? At least Poole,having wrapped up the case,gets a decent cup of tea,courtesy of Camille's mother,and gets to go for a paddle.
Now seconded to the Sainte Marie police, DI Richard Poole and DS Camille Bordey investigate the death of Lisa Watson, a new bride who had been married to Darren Moore earlier that day in a ceremony on the beach. Poole and Watson saw her body fall from the window of her hotel room, impaled by a spear from a spear gun. All of the family - her parents, younger sister, husband and best man - claim to have been in their rooms at the time Lisa fell or was pushed from the balcony. CCTV footage confirms that no one came or left the bridal suite's VIP floor before she died so Poole is convinced one of them is the culprit. They initially suspect the dead woman may have been having an affair with the best man, Adam, but when they learn she was an heiress who would come into her fortune on her wedding day, the main question becomes who would get the money if she died. A second murder sets them on the right track however.
837.	The Young and the Restless (1973 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.6767 (1999)
John realizes Ashley is worried about something Diane has done. He advises her not to get involved. Ashley heads over to Newman Enterprises but only finds Nikki and learns that Victor's out of town. Michael advises Diane that with Victor's sperm, she can keep Nikki from having another Newman baby and give herself the chance to have Victor's baby. She worries aloud that it's too dangerous. Hearing that Billy's attracted to a girl who is with a friend, Jill suggests that all is fair in love and war. Kay tells Mac the best Christmas gift for her dad would be her spending time with him. Raul is about to ask Mac out to a dance but she backs off and claims she has to get back to work. Paul and Lynne go over Victoria's fan mail and grow increasingly worried. Nick, Victoria, Brad, Ryan, Ross and Gary are thrilled that "Brash & Sassy" has entered the holiday season strongly - unlike that Jabot's new "Glow" line. Brad likes Victoria's idea to lower the price on products to run Jabot into the ground.
838.	The Young and the Restless (1973 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.9079 (2009)
At the memorial service for Brad (held in Brad's house): Sharon tells Nick that Phyllis was surprisingly civil to her when they both happened to meet at Brad's grave. Sharon is even more surprised when Nick tells her that Phyllis knows the two of them made love in Jack's cabin. Lauren apologizes to Traci for seducing Brad away from her so many years before; but Traci acknowledges her marriage to him was unstable in the first place and that, in the end, everything worked out for the best. Victoria shows J.T. an elephant figurine she gave Brad for his birthday. Later, Sharon steals it. Colleen berates Victor Newman for his hypocrisy in attending the service. Victor, she cries, hated her father. Jack Abbott applauds her for standing up to "Old Moneybags." Lily feels awkward when Cane stops by; and Billy makes it clear to her ex-fiance that he is the man in her life now. Victor tells Ashley that he is ready to take over the role of father that Brad so conveniently vacated. Elsewhere: Eden learns that Brad was the one who saved Noah's life, making her indirectly responsible for his death.
839.	The Young and the Restless (1973 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.6617 (1999)
Callie runs into Paul at CL. She gives him an update about her career. He's happy for her and wishes him all the best. Malcolm tells Neil that Olivia asked for more responsibilities at the hospital, to spend less time with her husband. He's upset when he realized that Neil already knew about that. Katherine and Mackenzie are disappointed with the lack of donation for the shelter. Katherine has an idea. Nina, Brett and Philip are spending time with Jill at the Chancellor Estate.
840.	The Young and the Restless (1973 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.6706 (1999)
Billy bids farewell to Mac and Raul as he is bound to return to New York. Katherine informs Nikki that she is going to India to find Brock. As their discussion turns to the subject of Brad, Kay warns her best friend not to throw away her relationship with Victor. Brad and Victoria are at odds in regards to the "Brash & Sassy" campaign. Ashley turns down Jill's offer to back the Jabot buyout. Ryan and Tricia return from a baby equipment buying spree. Megan walks in and is thrilled to see them so happy. Ramona sends Victor a fax on the pharmaceutical project with a personal note. Brad happens to intercept the fax with a big smile on his face... Jill tells a stunned Billy that he will stay in Genoa City.
841.	The Young and the Restless (1973 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.6416 (1998)
Phyllis and Michael are getting all hot and heavy when Diane calls. Victor blasts Jack for leaking his story to the press. Jack is really getting fed up with Victor's constant threats and insinuations. Jack later warns Michael not too overstress his luck as Victor is definitely on the warpath now. Ashley still holds back that Victoria is pregnant, while Olivia warns Victoria that Ashley is onto her. Hence, Victoria is surprised when Cole arrives at her office to announce his impending marriage to Ashley. Realizing her life with Cole is definitely over, wishes him and Ashley all the best. Grace feels embarrassed after being turned down by Nick so unambiguously. When Sharon and Tony arrive, she fears they want to confront her about her little confession to Nick. Grace and Nick are surprised to hear that they actually came to pick them up for a double lunch date at Yves. There, Sharon makes a show of kissing Nick intimately, so Grace also kisses Tony. Tony explains that there is still tension between the four of them, but he thinks now is the time to set their differences aside and to start over.
842.	The Young and the Restless (1973 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.6991 (2000)
Ryan and Phillip arrive home, but are surprised that Tricia is not there. After crying on his shoulder and somewhat explaining her problems in the past, Tricia and Carter share a passionate kiss. Realizing her mistake, Tricia pulls away insisting that Carter had misread her feelings. The rejection makes Carter furious. Victor tells Nikki about Cassie's pending lab tests. They had over to Nick and Sharon where Cassie grows increasingly worried as the grown-ups continue to fuss about her. Brad and Ashley make plans for their life together. Mary gives Michael the riot act. She accuses him of influencing Christine's decision not to have a baby at this time. Phyllis' arrival puts an end to this argument. Phyllis is convinced that Michael is pining for Christine which he rebuffs. He accuses Phyllis of being jealous. Paul and Christine are still at odds with each other. Lynne tries her best to get out of their way. Paul cannot believe that Chris expects him to act as if nothing was wrong with their relationship.
843.	The Young and the Restless (1973 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.6172 (1997)
Danny gets the paternity test results: He IS Daniel's father. Paul and Christine are stunned. Back home, they decide to have a nice weekend away from Genoa. Nick confides in Grace. Sharon wants to find out what's wrong with her husband. She questions Cole. Ryan confides in Neil. He wonders if moving back with Nina was the best thing to do.
844.	The Young and the Restless (1973 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.7008 (2000)
John is not too pleased with Jack for bringing Phyllis to the wedding, but Phyllis concentrates on flirting with Jack. When Olivia and Neil arrive at the Abbott's house, John is worried about Ashley. They assure him she is doing fine and just wanted a bit of time to herself. Ashley cannot believe that Victor has the nerve to show up just before the ceremony. She is surprised when Victor explains that he only came to wish her all the best with her marriage. After Victor leaves, Ashley feels a strange sensation and calls for him for help... As Brad is dressing, Nikki tells him that she is happy for him. Kay convinces Mac that Jill and Billy are the cause of the alienation she feels from her friends. Kay asks Mac if she can ever forgive Billy, and Mac tells her that she doesn't think she can, although she misses him. At the coffeehouse, Mac watches Billy and Brittany as they leave for the wedding. Insisting that he is telling the truth, J.T. offers Mac a chance for payback with Brittany. Nina visits Christine and boasts about her trip to New York and that Tomas' book is likely to be made a movie. In L.A., Harvey Sakin messengers the novel to a fellow producer, but also includes Nina's manuscript as he is very impressed by it.
845.	The Young and the Restless (1973 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.5529 (1995)
Luan gets a call from Jack who asks her to join him in the Virgin islands. She declines when she hears Mary-Jo's voice on the phone. Mary-Jo does her best to seduce Jack, to no avail. Christine is released from the hospital. Paul would like to leave too. He wonders what doctors are hiding from him. Ryan and Victoria have dinner together. They run into Cole and his publisher on the dance floor. Back at home and after a little raw, Cole and Victoria reconcile under the shower. Nina confront Ryan for having dinner with his ex-wife. Ryan begs her to trust him.
846.	The Young and the Restless (1973 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.6865 (2000)
Ashley tries her best to reassure Jack that they will find an arrangement about the Jabot loan with Cheyenne Partners. Jill and Brad discuss his future business plans. Desperate to save Jabot from going bankrupt under Jack's plan, Jill asks Brad to stay in town and invest in the company. An angry Jill storms out of his house when he declines. Victor lures Ashley to the airport: he has arranged his private jet to fly them to her favorite restaurant. Victoria thanks Miguel for setting up a lovely evening for her and Gary and then politely asks him to leave for the rest of the night. After dinner, Victoria and Gary dance and begin to kiss when Gary suddenly pulls away. Paul has a strong feeling that whoever put up bail for Ross is the stalker. Diane sends Marissa out to buy a pregnancy test knowing that results could change her life forever. Raul and Mac arrive at the Abbott's for a visit as Billy awakes from his dream. Claiming he is not feeling very well, Billy asks them to leave.
847.	The Young and the Restless (1973 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.3407 (1986)
Jack offers Ellen his help with accounting. She thinks that Jack only tries to shirk responsibility and to flunk his community service with the elderly and homeless. Danny asks Paul to help him find Cricket. Carol welcomes John - who's hiding himself behind sun-glasses - back at Jabot. He goes to see JoAnna who admires the new John, after his face-lift. Cricket and Nina confront Rose that the baby isn't dead after all. Rose admits that she gave the child away but remains that it was for the best. Sven then realizes that Cricket is faking to be pregnant and furiously storms out, trapping the girls. Jack sneaks back into Jabot and visits Ashley. During her massage, Jill realizes that Sven still harbors resentment towards her for his firing.
848.	The Young and the Restless (1973 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.6437 (1998)
Miguel boasts to Nikki about his engagement. She assures Miguel that she is fine with Veronica living at the ranch and she will talk Victor into accepting it also. Ashley and Cole cut their honeymoon short as Cole wants to get on with his latest writing project. Veronica is shocked when she finds a folder of materials including a photograph of her posing as Sarah Lindsey! Callie collects her pay check at the Crow's Nest Lounge. Rob the bar owner then fobs off a caller who is looking for Callie. Meanwhile, Malcolm is surprised to see an ad of the bar featuring Callie, realizing that she was telling him the truth. Jack informs Michael that he slipped a good word for him with Diane. Diane is pondering with Marissa whether to keep Michael as her attorney. John Silva warns Victor that so far there is no confirmation that Diane fired Michael. Victor ignores this remark; he thinks Diane is willing to listen now and they can reach a settlement without lawyers present. Paul and Christine are surprised to find Mary and Charlie having breakfast. Paul quickly tells his mother that there is no reason to apologize as it is her right to move on with her life. Victor tries to sweet talk Diane, but she is not thrilled at all about his unannounced visit. He wants Diane to tell him what it is that she wants and he will do his best to give it to her.
849.	The Young and the Restless (1973 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.7001 (2000)
Cassie thanks Victor for her magical flying Halloween party. After Victor and Nikki tuck Cassie in they make plans for the night of their own. Nick tells Sharon about Cassie's cough. As they hurry home, Sharon leaves Cody her credit card and PIN so that he can make some payments for the coffee house all while Carter is watching. Phyllis hints at Michael that she has set her sights on a new man. She also encourages Michael to seize the opportunity with Christine should it present itself. Tomas calls Chris, Paul, and Nina over to his house to announce that Hugh is referring Nina's book to his publisher. They all toast and celebrate. Later, Paul tells Christine that he is resenting Michael's influence on their lives. He tells a distraught Chris that he doesn't think they can work out their differences as long as she is in the partnership with Michael. Brad informs Ashley that Jack has agreed to be his best man. Olivia invites Neil to Ashley's wedding. Olivia is disappointed when Neil says he will gladly join her but as nothing more than a friend.
850.	The Young and the Restless (1973 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.6997 (2000)
Diane and Ashley trade barbs in the baby store. Diane wonders who the father of Ashley's child is as it cannot be Brad. When Marissa finds a receipt for the baby rattle Victor bought for Ashley, Diane is furious. Phyllis pitches her ideas for the "Brash & Sassy" website to Victoria, Ryan and Victor and everyone but Victor is pleased. Later, Victoria quizzes her father on the mysterious woman that slept at the apartment last night, but he cuts Victoria off. Nikki and Jack catch up with each other. Ashley wants Olivia to be her bridesmaid and encourages Brad to ask Jack to his best man. Tricia admits to Ryan that she is making progress but it is not easy on her. Ryan looks worried when she stresses that she only goes to therapy so that he can love her again. Nick and Sharon talk to Cassie about alternatives for trick-or-treating. Later, Cassie calls Millie in Madison telling her that she doesn't want to tell her parents that she's coughing. Millie informs Alice about Cassie's call and they both hope their little girl will get better soon.
851.	The Young and the Restless (1973 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.8949 (2008)
Jill, who now knows that Ji Min was murdered by David Chow, lashes out at Nikki for having brought David into the company--and into her life. Later, Katherine does her best to comfort Jill. And Nicholas does his best to comfort the newly-widowed Nikki... Heather gets her job back in the district attorney's office... Daniel breaks up with a weeping Amber... Victor keeps Sabrina focused on plans for the future, refusing to allow her to die or think of death.
852.	The Young and the Restless (1973 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.9078 (2009)
Colleen, untutored in her father's faith, does her best to arrange a Jewish funeral for Brad. The funeral is attended by Brad's two daughters, Colleen and Abby, and by three of his ex-wives: Traci, Ashley and Victoria. Later, Sharon, who had a brief affair with Brad but could not reciprocate his love, and whose son Brad died saving, pays her respects. At the Newman estate: Victor divulges to Neil his choice for the CEO of Jabot: Ashley Abbott. At Nick and Phyllis's place: Phyllis asks Nick if he slept with Sharon; his silence provides her answer. She makes it clear she wants to keep their marriage. He makes it clear he is thinking about leaving her.
853.	The Young and the Restless (1973 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.6777 (1999)
Olivia confesses to Neil that her cancer could be recurring but makes him promise not to tell anyone. She is deeply worried about Nate as he already lost his father. Ryan spots Tony, calms him down and dons him a tie. As they dine, Tricia does her best to embarrass Tony but he spoils her scheme. Malcolm and Callie talk about having children after they get married. Callie realizes it is high time to divorce Trey. Tony is furious with Tricia but Megan thinks her sister is innocent but adds that she would choose him if she had to make a decision. Ryan berates Tricia. Tricia then calls her father for his help. Nina shows Tomas the revisions and he talks about how hard it is to patch up work.
854.	The Young and the Restless (1973 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.6501 (1998)
Sharon tells Nick that she overheard him talking to her so-called best friend. Nick says that he won't deny it, but it was just sex. He is sorry that it ever happened but obviously she didn't stay outside the door long enough to hear him tell Grace it should never have happened. Sharon explains that she cannot live with Nick under the same roof anymore. Grace is back in town and seeks advice from Michael. She is surprised when he encourages her to cut her losses and to move on with her fiance. Megan begs Tony to open up to her. Tony says that his life is all messed up and she should not get mixed up with him. Grace awaits Tony in their apartment with a surprising twist: she wants to get married immediately. At Genoa City Memorial Hospital, everyone is anxiously awaiting word on Victoria and the baby. Olivia tells Victor and Cole that Victoria is making good progress but the baby is still in serious danger. Neil begins to feel left out. Victoria wakes up and is anxious to see her daughter. Olivia bluntly tells Malcolm that she does want to be updated in regards to Callie and he better handle this matter on this own and soon. At Gina's, Callie gets nervous when she sees Paul again. Malcolm asks Paul to help get Callie out of her contract with Trey. Paul is convinced that Callie is hiding something.
855.	The Young and the Restless (1973 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.9070 (2009)
Billy Abbott gets Lily an interview for a waitress job at a dive run by a woman named Jimmy. Unexpectedly, Jimmy expects her new hire to tend bar as well as wait tables. Cane happens to be there with Roger Wilkes and Esther; and he does his best to coach Lily on how to mix drinks. But Jimmy sees that Lily can't really mix drinks on her own and denies her the job. Lily concludes that it's pointless to rely on Cane for anything. Meanwhile, Roger, secretly spurred on by Clint Radison, proposes marriage to Esther. At Murphy's trailer: Kevin reveals that the bail money he gave to Katherine was really Katherine's own money. At Crimson Lights: Det. Gil Wallace questions Kevin and Amber about a break-in at a pawn shop. He suspects they are both involved. At Restless Styles: Phyllis and Nick are cold to each other; but the tension between them slowly melts. Meanwhile, Chloe thinks back to the time when she and Billy were together.
856.	The Young and the Restless (1973 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.6425 (1998)
A thunderstorm brews over Genoa City: Nick is called back into the office because of a partial power outage at Newman Enterprises. He is surprised to find Grace there working. Michael brings Diane a copy of the National Inquisitor and she is delighted with it. Nikki and Victor are bombarded with questions from various reporters as the tabloid article causes waves. John Silva explains to a furious Victor it would be best to lay a profile and not to sue the publication as a lawsuit will not be successful due to freedom of speech. Neil is relieved and hurt at the same time that Cole managed to convince Victoria to stay in town. He can't help but wonder if she is committed to him like he is to her. Jack advises Ashley to trust Cole and believe in their relationship. Cole arrives and tells Ashley to put a hold on their wedding plans until he can get a handle on his feelings and what he wants to do. Victor storms into Michael's office issuing threats at the lawyer. Michael remains unmoved and orders Victor to leave who declares war on Michael and reminds him that he has friends in influential positions.
857.	The Young and the Restless (1973 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.6452 (1998)
Nick is disappointed when he gets home and is greeted by Cassie and several of her friends who are having a slumber party. Sharon explains to her husband, that the original plans for a sleep-over of the girls feel through and she had to step in. When they finally are in bed and want to make love, Nick grows frustrated as Noah begins to cry. Grace tries to make up with Tony, but he isn't buying her apology. Back at the office, Grace can hardly believe her luck when Jack tells her it would be best if she joined Nick on his business trip to Denver. Neil and Victoria arrive at the Crow's Nest to celebrate their engagement. They are surprised when Malcolm, who wants to avoid talking to Callie, rushes out. Drucilla calls Olivia to confirm her upcoming visit to Genoa City. Mary invites Paul and Christine over for dinner with Charlie also being present. Paul observes that Mary and Charlie are getting closer, but he is happy for his mother. Later, Mary brings out the photo album. Christine remembers the man at the airport and slips one of the pictures into her purse unnoticed. Jack and Brad meet for their conspirative meeting in the park. Jack tells Brad Victor's life is a mess and he is totally out of touch with business. Brad is interested as to what Jack is suggesting, but Jack holds back and wants to meet another time.
858.	The Young and the Restless (1973 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.6898 (2000)
John isn't too happy about Jabot's latest investors and that they strive for board seats. Jack explains that they are lucky Brad and Nikki put up the money or else Victor would have stolen the company from them. At Yves, Brad tells Nikki that Victor won't rest until he finds out who gave Jabot the money to pay of the balloon payment. He then spots Michael and asks him to lay the legal grounds for his new position at Jabot in light of his non-compete clause. Paul organizes an evening out on the town for him, Christine, Nina and Tomas. Jack tries to comfort Ashley over her broken relationship with Victor, but she turns away. Victor tells Diane he had no idea she was pregnant and wants her to spend another night in the apartment. He wonders who the father could be. Victor then calls Ashley, begging her not to hang up. She tells him that he has deliberately hurt her family and hangs up the receiver. Dru worries when she learns that she is not an exact match to her sister. However, the bone marrow transplant can still take place and is the best treatment for Olivia. At Genoa City Memorial, Olivia asks Neil to bring Nate to visit her before the chemotherapy starts.
859.	The Young and the Restless (1973 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.6430 (1998)
On a stop-over on her way back home, Christine unknowingly runs into Jim Bradley at Norfolk airport where he is picking up Ruth from a trip. Charlie surprises Mary with flowers and they set up a date to go to the movies. Lynne does her best to prevent Paul from going on a business trip and is relieved when Christine finally arrives and sinks into Paul's arms. Tony wonders if Nick is holding up his wedding since Grace can't seem to find any time off. Nick shrugs this off, but Grace is still reluctant to set a date. Megan admits to Tricia that she is smitten with the guy she met at Crimson Lights: Tony. Diane thinks Michael only came clean because he feared to be exposed. Michael insists that he is the one and only lawyer who would work as hard as he has worked, Diane throws him out. Brad wants to know why Jack has called him several times. After a little double talk with plenty of insults thrown in, Jack admits that he has had something in mind that could use someone like Brad, but now he isn't so sure it would work. When a disgruntled Brad leaves, Jack has a very satisfied smile on his face. Michael blames Phyllis for making him confess to Diane. Victor tells Diane about Michael's past. He is stunned when Diane acts if this information does not matter to her at all. Diane turns the tables and states that Michael must be doing great work if Victor feels that threatened.
860.	The Young and the Restless (1973 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.6518 (1998)
Brad has a business meeting with his new assistant and tries to make Grace see the bright side of their new arrangement. Grace is preoccupied when she spots Sharon and Doris having lunch across the room at Gina's. Doris tells Sharon that Nick is truly sorry and she better not uproot her children prematurely because her marriage is salvageable. Tony confronts Nick and a fist fight ensues until Brad breaks them up. Al tells Alice that Cassie is not her little girl anymore and she is just living on pipe dreams. Just then, Alice gets a new lead on Sharon as she learns that she was best friends with a certain Grace Turner... In court, the testimony of a signature expert is inconclusive whether the letter Jill received from Beatrice in which Phillip signed the Chancellor Estate over to Jill is the real deal. Michael and John realize that the whole case will rely on Beatrice's testimony. During recess, Beatrice continues to stress that she is short on cash, but Jill explains that she cannot give her any money just yet. When the court reconvenes, Jill is shocked that the former maid is missing and Judge Jennings wants to proceed with the next witness. Paul is still angry with Christine that she hid her investigation on his father from him. Later, Lynne offers to lend an ear to Paul who just barks at her that this private matter is none of her business. He quickly apologizes to his trusted assistant. Carl tells Ruth he just wants everything to go back to normal. Ruth cannot believe he has no feelings for or memories of Paul or his wife. She reminds Carl just recently he called her "Mary". Carl stresses that all that matters is that he loves Ruth!
861.	The Young and the Restless (1973 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.6485 (1998)
Nikki asks Brad if he really believes that Victor would hire him and Bradley says that there isn't a reason why he shouldn't. Meanwhile, Jack is anxiously waiting in the park fearing that "Golden Boy" will stab him in the back. When Brad finally shows up, he tells Jack that he did nothing more but set their plan in motion. Sharon calls Doris to check up on Noah. Grace tells Nick that they both cheated on their partners, but it was meant to be, they are meant to be! Nick strongly disagrees and insists he is committed to his marriage. Just as Grace continues to gush about their passionate encounter, a shocked and devastated Sharon walks up unnoticed... Ryan is with Nina when Phillip is brought home by his soccer coach. Brett is also an English teacher and compliments Nina for being selected for the symposium. Tricia tries to get along better with Phillip. Christine realizes that the secret is driving a wedge between her and Paul. Mary walks up on Paul confiding in Lynne about his argument with Christine and draws her own conclusions why Christine is having all kinds of questions about the Williams family. Even though Malcolm acts very hostile, Callie finally tells him why she broke up with him years ago: her father threatened to have Malcolm arrested for statutory rape as she was a minor. Looking at him, Callie tells Malcolm that she really does wish him and his doctor wife the best and leaves.
862.	The Young and the Restless (1973 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.6821 (2000)
Paul is stunned that Christine thinks Michael has changed for the better. Michael receives the offer to be in-house counsel at Desmond Industries with a staff of his choice. Nick informs Victoria of his latest run-in with Victor. In the midst of another quarrel Callie tells Olivia that she is leaving town and that there is no reason to keep Nate away from Malcolm. Still eager to convince Victoria that he can be trusted as much as Gary, Ross goes to see Warton. He antagonizes Warton as long until he punches him. Over breakfast Ashley confronts Jack for spying on her. She also tells him and John that she and Christian met on the cruise but have no future together. Sharon admits to Nikki that she okay-ed the Valentine's flowers. Upset initially, Nikki realizes that her daughter-in-law had the best intentions. Ross returns from his altercation with Warton and proudly tells Victoria that Warton should be back behind bars by the end of the day. Ashley goes back to Christian and thanks him for his help with her plan. Callie tries to explain herself to Malcolm but he feels too betrayed to forgive her.
863.	The Young and the Restless (1973 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.6859 (2000)
Keith claims that it would be best for Tricia and Megan to join him in London. Tricia is frantic when she realizes that Megan has gone to see Grace. In New York, Megan confronts Grace who takes the sole blame for the conspiracy and advises her to leave the past behind. After Megan reveals that Tricia has been acting strange lately, Grace books a flight to Genoa City... Victor takes Ashley out on dinner to the Private Dining Room. He then notices her figure and concludes that she is pregnant. John and Jill tell Billy that they will allow him to have Raul and Mac over for visits. Billy begs Jill to let Brittany come over too, but she is sure that John won't agree to it. Later, Billy gazes at a picture of Mac. Kay confides in Nikki that she is worried Mac. Nikki speculates that Raul and Mac will grow closer since Billy is grounded. Dru finds out from Olivia that nothing is going on between Neil and her. Dru then takes Neil up on his offer and decides to move in with him.
864.	The Young and the Restless (1973 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.6681 (1999)
Victor asks Christine to attend a legal conference in Hawaii. Paul agrees to join his wife on this 3-week-getaway. Keith questions Tony about himself and his relationship to his daughter. Meanwhile, Megan and Tricia decide it is best to ship their father off to London soon to end his meddling. Ryn then breaks the happy news that he is finally employed again - thanks to Victoria. Nikki stuns Victoria that she sometimes wishes that Jack and Brad could steal Newman Enterprises from Victor as business always seems to come first for him. Alice is feeling miserable when someone shows up her door: Sharon! Nikki and Brad meet for lunch again but this time they share a long a passionate kiss as desert! Keith finds the letter from the district attorney's office. Not knowing yet what the charges are, he promises to take care of this...
865.	The Young and the Restless (1973 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.6823 (2000)
Warton claims the letter is not his and he is being set up by the Newmans. At the police station, Ross tries his best to get Warton locked up. Nina warns Ryan not to get his hopes up too early as Tricia is facing serious mental issues. Meanwhile Tricia confides in Megan that she is having a hard time making love to Ryan. Megan thinks Tricia should seek psychological help which she rejects. John learns that Jack had himself tested for testicular cancer and scolds him for keeping such a big secret from him. Michael tries to talk Christine into joining him at work. He thinks she grew over working at Legal Aid and needs a new challenge. Ashley bids Christian goodbye with a kiss as Victor is lurking in the background. Sharon and Nick discuss the prospects of Crimson Lights expansion. Victor tells Ashley that he deeply cares for her.
866.	The Young and the Restless (1973 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.6484 (1998)
Victor pretends that he is disappointed that Diane did not join in the bedroom last night. Diane hightails to Jack's office asking for his help. Jack makes it clear in no uncertain terms that he does not want to discuss her private woes. Brad runs into his former fiancee Nikki at Gina's and they catch up with each other. Nikki is surprised when Brad explains that he is hoping to get rehired at Newman Enterprises. Paul gets angry when Christine implies that his father might have left town because he and Mary were having marital problems. He asks Christine to leave the past alone. Jim realizes that Ruth called him "Carl". Ruth says that it just slipped out, lying that it was the name of her first husband. Later, Ruth calls Christine again but quickly hangs up on her. Malcolm tells Callie it would be for the best if she were to leave town again. Jack demands to know from Brad what he and Victor were talking about, but Brad only toys with Jack and tells him that he sounds stressed out. Later, Victor notices that Jack seems acting strange ever since Brad came back. In Denver, Grace has a fantasy where she and Nick tell Sharon that they are in love. While Sharon is still basking in the afterglow of being intimate with Nick, Grace is speechless when Nick tells her that Sharon must never know what happened last night and they both should forget about it as well.
867.	The Young and the Restless (1973 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.6928 (2000)
Phyllis is stunned that Michael is now in a partnership with Christine. She is deeply hurt when Michael asks her to leave as he does not want to get caught up in web of deception anymore. Gina cannot believe her eyes when she sees her former sister-in law Phyllis walking into her restaurant... Jack tells John that in spite of her past they have no choice but to work with Phyllis on the web-site campaign as she made a name for herself in recent years as the best web designer out there. Mamie wonders why Dru shirks away from living at Olivia's. She suspects it's because of being too close to Neil. Dru replies she has to find clarity for herself on this issue. Neil informs Malcolm that Olivia is doing much better. After Neil leaves, Malcolm attempts to get closer to Dru who is reluctant. Nina asks Tomas if she's the reason why he can't write. He assures her that she is not and that she is the best thing that has happened. Ryan tries to call Tricia in London but is again stalled by her father who claims that she is out. Victoria later consoles Ryan. Diane grows frustrated over Victor's behavior towards her. Suddenly, Diane doubles over in pain screaming that it's the baby...
868.	The Young and the Restless (1973 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.3436 (1986)
Nikki questions Victor about his motives to send Matt on a business trip just when she and Matt have grown closer. Jack is frantically looking for Jill. He badgers the manager of the Genoa City Hotel for information about Sven. Meanwhile, Sven pressures Jill into coming to his apartment in an old warehouse. There Sven taunts Jill who desperately tries to keep up her facade and pretends she does not know that he was her shooter. Phillip tells Kay about his first day at college. She is intrigued when Phillip mentions Cricket who he is sharing some courses with. Cricket confides in JoAnna. She fears that Danny could fall for another girl in Los Angeles. In Paris, Julia bids adieu to Ashley wishing her all the best with Victor and her unborn child.
869.	The Young and the Restless (1973 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.6418 (1998)
Nina learns by accident that Ryan is about to marry. When Phillip asks about his father, Nina tries her best to dissuade him, but eventually tells her son the truth. Megan and Alec accompany Ryan and Tricia to the court house where they intend to get married. As the judge asks if anyone can show just cause as to why Ryan and Tricia should not be married, the door to his chambers slowly opens and Phillip steps quietly inside... Jack warns Diane that the dinner invitation is one of Victor's tricks. Diane prefers to look at it as a good sign. John Silva reminds Victor that Diane is still in love with him and he has to be sensitive to this fact; he has to handle this meeting very carefully. Sharon watches Grace leave Nick's office and comment that the problem is solved. After paying Nick a quick visit, she eventually goes to Grace and issues her a stern warning to stop deluding herself of a romance with her husband. Michael is still having drinks at the Lodge with Phyllis when he learns from Marissa where Diane is. Diane joins Victor at the Colonnade Room who is at his best behavior. Victor says that he does neither regret marrying Diane nor their time together, but there is no way he could have foreseen what was going to happen with Nikki. They both agree that they hate the hostility between them. Victor pleads with Diane to settle her claim.
870.	The Young and the Restless (1973 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.6500 (1998)
Victor tells Neil that he is pleased that he has been with Vicki every step of the way and Neil assures him that he loves her. Victoria's state is still critical, so Olivia and Dr. Cromwell deliver the baby via c-section. Cole learns that it's too early to tell whether the baby will survive. Nick returns to the ranch and Sharon just watches him motionless. They are shortly interrupted by Cassie who is thrilled to see Nick. Sharon then tells Nick that she knows, she knows that he slept with her best friend... Going through the case files, Michael asks Katherine about one of Jill's witnesses. Katherine can barely remember her former laundry maid Beatrice Tucker and admits to Michael that she used to be an alcoholic back then. Jill is with Jack and John when Katherine calls to inform her nemesis that she hired a new attorney and that the gloves will off from now on! Megan finds Tony in a rotten mood at Crimson Lights. She assumes it has to do with his fiancee, but Tony keeps mum. Ryan tells Tricia he feels like losing his son as Phillip never calls anymore. When Brett Nelson comes to pick Phillip up for soccer practice, he tells Nina that he read on all of her stories while she was away. Ryan spots them and uses his chance to catch up with his son.
871.	The Young and the Restless (1973 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.8993 (2008)
Noah loses Nick and Sharon's trust as Michael lashes out at Eden. Phyllis lets jealousy get the best of her and writes an explicitly insulting editorial for Restless Style about Sharon. Billy is introduced to Cane's world and has to fake not knowing Chloe.
872.	The Young and the Restless (1973 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.6491 (1998)
Victoria arrives at Olivia's office and tells her that she had a pain earlier, but is feeling well now. At the convention in Denver, Ryan notices Neil's happy mood who explains that Victoria is about to move in with him. Jack joins Mariellen and Ben from the Atlanta and Seattle offices of Newman Enterprises. They want to know what is going on back with all the public drama surrounding Victor which has started to hurt business. Victor walks in on Nick and Grace arguing. He doesn't believe their excuses and also wonders why Sharon is no longer there. Brad pays Ashley a visit in the lab. Paul gives a massage to Christine who fantasies about breaking the happy news that Carl Williams is alive to Paul and Mary. Jill congratulates John on winning the first round in court. Katherine is furious with Mitchell for losing the case and thinks it is time for her to get an attorney who is ready to play dirty. Tony can hardly believe what Sharon just told him, but then realizes it makes perfect sense as Grace had a crush on Nick for a long time. Sharon explains that it felt like dying when she found out that her best friend slept with her husband. Later, Nikki is shocked to find Sharon packing and immediately calls Victor when Sharon won't disclose her reasons for her sudden decision. As Nick is about to take the stage, Victor does not want to burden his son and decides to fly home himself. Jack can hardly believe his luck and phones Brad to tell him that his mission to convince the other executives that Victor is out of touch with business has gotten a lot easier...
873.	The Young and the Restless (1973 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.6387 (1998)
Jack makes Victor confess he'll never go back to Diane. Later, Jack wants Diane to listen to the recording of the talk he had with Victor. Katherine thinks about the late Philip Chancellor II, remembering the day, Phillip handed her divorce papers. It was all because of Jill, she ruined her marriage! Victor asks Jill why she's still living at the Chancellor Estate. When Jill arrives at the mansion, Jill and Katherine get into it blaming each for destroying their lives. Christine is back home. After talking on the phone to Lynne and Nina and listening to Danny wishing them all the best, Paul and Christine can at last celebrate. Olivia explains to Neil that she was seeing Victoria on a medical matter. Neil then wants to know why Victoria is avoiding him, so she tell him that she is pregnant.
874.	The Young and the Restless (1973 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.6459 (1998)
Katherine is nervously making last minute preparations with Gina and Esther for the social event of the year. Jack is relieved when he manages to delicately break it to Diane that he cannot bring her as his date as Nikki is Katherine's best friend. At Jabot, Jill gloats to Ryan that she is not invited to Katherine's party, but encourages him to go with Tricia. Nina tells Christine that she won't attend the party. Later, Nina calls Kyle Warner as the Internet dating service named him her perfect match! Grace is stunned when Nick informs her that Sharon will join them in Denver. Grace says that Sharon will only be a distraction. Nick agrees that she will be a distraction but that is what he will need. Tony walks in as Grace throws a hissy fit. Her explanation for her rage does not add up to him. Jill is ecstatic that John Silva managed to get their complaint ready in time for the party after all... At the Chancellor Estate, the guests are arriving. Paul fills Katherine in on his investigation on the mysterious Chuck and she wonders if Jill could be connected to all of this. Neil reassures Victoria who feels unconformable with her pregnancy starting to show. Olivia notices that Malcolm seems preoccupied. Cole tells Ashley the bad news he heard from the contractor that renovations of their house will take a lot longer.
875.	The Young and the Restless (1973 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.6672 (1999)
Judge Brainard is about to announce her decision when Alice announces that she thinks that it is in Cassie's best interest if she is raised by the Newmans. Michael is ambushed when Alice declares she is willing to relinquish her parental rights. Nikki confronts Ramona in New Mexico. Ramona explains how sorry she is for the interview and Nikki realizes that she is sincere. Then, Victor calls Ramona and offers her a temp-position at Genoa City Memorial Hospital. John Silva fails to cheer up Jill who feels alone and is wailing in self pity. Billy's plans for summer fall through but the rest of the family is about to leave for Australia. Katherine agrees to host the young man at her mansion. Christine explains that Alice's decision does not automatically mean that Sharon and Nick will be awarded custody of Cassie. Meanwhile Cassie is talking to the new social worker Miriam Holloway. She has only one thing in mind as her fate is decided but no one has listened to her yet: she wants to tell the judge by whom she wants to be raised!
876.	The Young and the Restless (1973 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.6998 (2000)
John urges Jack to come around where Brad is concerned as Ashley deserves happiness. Jack is caught off guard when Brad asks Jack to be his best man. Ashley is surprised when Christian shows up after reading about her engagement. He assures Ashley that he will keep her secret about not being the father of her baby. Brad watches Ashley and Christian, unseen. When Cassie, Nick and Sharon return from the doctor's office, Cassie wonders if she should've told her doctor about her cough. Sharon is worried that Cassie is holding something back from them. Victoria tells Nick she's worried that their mother is falling for Victor again, while he is involved with another woman. Victor and Nikki are amused by Victoria's conclusion and continue to bond. Over breakfast it becomes even more evident for Ryan that Tricia is desperately clinging onto the past and his love. Tricia later asks Nina if Ryan is only staying with her out of obligation. Before Nina can respond, her beeper goes off. Once Nina leaves, Tricia books a flight to London. Meanwhile, Ryan confesses to Victoria that there is no hope for Tricia and him.
877.	The Young and the Restless (1973 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.6370 (1998)
Jill thinks Jack is spending an awful lot of time with Diane and is certain that he is still interested in the former Mrs. Newman. Jack notices that Jill seems busy with everyone else's life as she does not know what to do with her own life right now. Michael and Diane are discussing her legal options. She starts to get impatient and fears Michael is stalling which he manages to convince her otherwise. Victor and Nikki decide to focus on the future instead of looking back at the past. Tony feels rejected by Grace who is busy at work again. Doris gets worried that Sharon is spending too much time with Tony while Nick is away. Olivia explains that dialysis will keep Danny alive indefinitely, but a transplant is the best option. Phyllis and Christine have another run-in as neither of them has the right blood type to be a donor for Danny. Gina and Paul also fall out. A worried Katherine arrives, but she is told that she is too old to be a donor for her former son-in-law. Phyllis is furious with Christine for her pompous attitude, but Michael barely listens. His mind wheels are turning pondering options to finally win over Christine's trust...
878.	The Young and the Restless (1973 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.6806 (2000)
Sharon tells Tricia that she has a tough time believing that Tony's death was an accident in light of the stunts she pulled the past months. Nina overhears the argument and convinces Sharon that keeping the past in the past can sometimes be the best. Ashley manages to usher Brad out of the lab before Victor shows up. Confiding in his ex-wife about Nikki and her affair with Brad, Victor questions his marriage. At the same time, Jack learns from Gina that Brad has been making plans to get married. He then asks Brad if his woman of desire is Nikki. Paul explains to Christine that the stalker is very clever at covering his tracks. Michael's interest is piqued when he learns that Warton feels harassed by a Newman. Megan thanks Tricia for her support during the funeral. Michael informs Christine of his latest client. He asks Chris to have Nick keep his cool or this could turn ugly.
879.	The Young and the Restless (1973 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.7497 (2002)
Jill does her best to hide that she spent the night with Larry... to no avail: Katherine finds out the truth. Isabella is mad at Michael; did he really had to make Lynne and Mary get arrested? Andy is happy to become Ricky's godfather. Paul tells him that his son's godmother is Lauren. Christine agrees to marry Michael. They kiss. Paul sees them. Andy convinces him to leave. Victor tries to get Diego out of Victoria's life. Nick and Victoria argue.
880.	The Young and the Restless (1973 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.6740 (1999)
Jill urges Katherine not to beat herself up about trying to find Brock as eventually Kay and Mac will grow closer over this loss. Malcolm goes ballistic and John Silva has a tough time calming down his client. Olivia is shocked at Malcolm's outburst. Her doubts are nourished by Michael who reassures her that limited visitation rights are the best thing she can do to protect her son. Megan and Tony catch Tricia going through Megan's bag. She makes an excuse but Tony doesn't believe her. Victor tells Victoria that she shouldn't open old wounds. He also reminds her that Cole is now married. John tells Ashley that he doesn't like how Cole is treating her. Ashley urges him to step out of her marriage. Tricia is having a copy of the key to Tony's apartment done. Ashley suggests to Cole having a baby. Katherine battles memories of Brock as someone waits at the door: Brock!
881.	The Young and the Restless (1973 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.7000 (2000)
Cassie enjoys her time on the jet which Victor refers to as the magic broomstick. Nick and Sharon are called away to handle an emergency at the coffeehouse. Nick calls Millie, warning her to get a tuberculosis test. Millie tells Nick that Cassie has been coughing. Tomas who continues to spike his drinks is anxious for Hugh to give him feedback on Nina's novel. Nina tells Christine that Tomas took her book to a publisher in New York. Nina admits that she's worried about Tomas and his possible alcoholism. Paul is looking for Chris but runs into Michael instead. Michael tries to apologize for whatever problems he's caused but Paul states that he does not trust him. Jack apologizes to Phyllis. When Brad enters Gina's, Phyllis calls him over. Jack now accepts Brad's offer to be his best man. He turns down Phyllis' notion to be his date for the wedding though. Ashley makes Olivia her maid of honor. When Ashley inquires about Olivia's relationship with Neil, Olivia tells her that she has tried but to no avail. Neil explains to Ryan that whatever he and Olivia had is in the past.
882.	The Young and the Restless (1973 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.6923 (2000)
Olivia tells Nathan that she is not yet ready to leave the real world because of Nate. Then, the doctors manage to revive Olivia. Malcolm, Dru and Julia join Olivia in her room who wakes up from her delirium and gets a hug from her son Nate. Brad explains to Victoria how upset Nikki is, but Victoria tells Brad to mind his own business. Mac tells Kay that she dropped out of the web site project. Kay assumes it's because of Billy. After Raul quits, Jill wants to put an end to the entire ad campaign. Jack assumes Mac is afraid of being in front of the camera. Jack suggests they hire Mac as the production assistant in order to get Raul to return to the project. Billy and Mac agree that they hate lying to Brittany and Raul but they know that it's the best thing for now. Victoria tells Victor that Brad is now working at Jabot which he already knows. Victor now contemplates a lawsuit against Brad while Victoria doesn't understand why he hasn't sued already. Brad apologizes to Ashley for getting upset over her relationship with Victor. When Ashley asks Brad to be her Lamaze partner, Brad gladly agrees.
883.	The Young and the Restless (1973 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.6576 (1999)
Carl pays Paul a visit. He explains Mary got upset when she learned about Ruth. He wonders if she should stay in Genoa or not. Paul wants the best for his mother. Later, Paul and Mary talk about Carl and Ruth. Christine meets with Nina at the coffeehouse. She worries about Cassie's future. Al and Alice are in Genoa. They are looking for Cassie. Jack and Brad plot against Victor. Jack tells Wally to fly back to Genoa with the jet. Victor gets a message from Nick; He tells Nikki he has to fly back to Genoa and learns that the jet had gone.
884.	The Young and the Restless (1973 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.6482 (1998)
Grace is on cloud nine after sleeping with Nick. However, Nick comes back to his senses and pushes Grace off. Meanwhile, Sharon arrives at the hotel and asks for a room key to surprise her husband! Nick is shocked when he sees Sharon. While she gets undressed, Nick has a tough time getting Grace out of his suite as she considers revealing their tryst. Sharon comes out of the bedroom in a teddy, but Nick has guilt written all over his face and can hardly focus on his wife. Tricia calls Tony names and orders him to stay away from her sister. Tricia is also not pleased when she learns from Ryan that Phillip will be staying with them for a few days. A happy Victor tells Christine that Diane has already moved out, so that they should be able to settle in a few days. Then, Michael calls to inform Victor that his loving wife is back home waiting for him. Nikki slips into Victor's office once more in disguise and is disappointed to hear that Diane is not yet surrendering. Jill is alienating both John and Ryan. Katherine is giving Mitchell a hard time about the upcoming arson investigator's report. Nikki reminds her best friend that she threatened to torch up the mansion, so the report could be critical. Victor tries to call Diane on her bluff and invites her to join him in the bedroom...
885.	The Young and the Restless (1973 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.9683 (2011)
Victor and Michael tell Diane she can be free of the SEC charges if she recants her testimony about Ashley, but they both know the SEC won't back off her just because Victor says so. Later, Michael does his best with Gus as Diane recants to Spencer Walsh. She feels betrayed when Michael admits to her that he was not able to hold up his end of the bargain. After the hospital wedding between Ashley and Tucker, Katherine expresses her disapproval; but Jack congratulates them, even though he has his own reservations. Later, Tucker and Katherine speak alone, and they clash over business. Still later, Ashley tests Tucker's ability to comprehend complex thoughts, but he is frustrated to find that he may have brain damage. At the Gloworm, Victoria tells a dismayed Nicholas that she is considering going back to work at Newman. Later, she and Victor discuss the matter and she accepts his offer. A drunken Billy listens to the races on the radio before Nicholas stops by to confront him.
886.	The Young and the Restless (1973 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.6807 (2000)
Victoria hides her fan issue from her father. Instead she badgers him to give her mother another chance. Nikki comes clean with Brad and tells him that she does love him, but that she isn't sure what or who she wants. Diane worries that her confiding into Brad and Michael about Victor's sperm could backfire. Just then, Victor calls and asks if he stay with her at the penthouse! John offers Gina help with her plans to remodel the restaurant. Mac and Raul try their best to ignore Billy and Brittany. Later, Billy is miffed when John is not too sold on Billy spending Winter Break in Aspen with Brittany and her parents. Brock and Katherine realize that they missed Mackenzie's birthday. They decide to throw Mac a belated "Sweet 16"-party. In St. Louis, Jill consults with Walter Brady, her private investigator. As he failed to even come up with a birth certificate of Mackenzie so far, he calls her mother Amanda Browning under a pretense. A concerned Neil learns that Olivia is having bone marrow tests performed. Later, Olivia gets a bloody nose.
887.	The Young and the Restless (1973 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.6695 (1999)
Victoria informs Nick, Ryan and Neil that her being the new "Brash & Sassy" spokesperson is a go. Everyone is surprised when Neil opposes to hiring Malcolm for the photo shoot. Malcolm and Olivia have their first civil talk in a long time. Mac thanks Raul again for the concert ticket. He wants to ask Mac out on a date but lacks courage. Raul then encourages Billy to come clean with his mother before it is too late. After learning from Katherine that the children were on their way back from Chicago when the accident happened Jill confronts Billy. She is crushed by his misuse of her trust and grounds him. A heartbroken Callie thinks it is best to move out of Malcolm's apartment until he makes a final decision on his marriage. Brad continues to woo Nikki.
888.	The Young and the Restless (1973 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.6408 (1998)
Nikki is annoyed when Diane shows up at the ranch. Diane teases Nikki and eventually explains that legally she is still Victor's wife. Nikki cannot believe Diane's nerve and reminds her that she had a wedding with witnesses at the hospital. Diane cooly advises Nikki to ask Victor about the state of their marriage and leaves. John Silva informs Victor that divorce proceedings could take years and become very costly. He strongly advises Victor to reach an agreement with Diane. Nina tells Ryan that she starts to believe that family counseling could actually be the best where Phillip is concerned. Ryan asks Tricia to hang in with him a while longer, but Ryan has to realize that he hasn't achieved a thing as Phillip is hostile as ever as soon as Tricia's name is brought up. Tony reassures Sharon that he and Grace have become close again, so he is certain that nothing is going on between Grace and Nick. At Newman Enterprises, Grace continues to flirt with Nick. Jill calls Beatrice Tucker, the former Chancellor maid. Beatrice explains that she remembers Mr. Chancellor signing a very important document shortly before his death which could have been meant for Jill. Jill heads up to the attic again to find the document. When Katherine returns home, she notices Esther's strange behavior who won't reveal what is going on.
889.	The Young and the Restless (1973 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.6962 (2000)
Phyllis says it's probably best if she doesn't know the details of Brittany's scheme. She just warns Brittany not to interfere with the success of the website. Mac scolds Billy for allowing Brittany to give him a sensual massage. She begins to think Billy doesn't want to break up with Brittany at all. Brittany, still laying the groundwork for her plan, tells Mac that she and Billy have been sleeping together all summer. Ashley and Nikki decide to bury the hatchet. Tricia wants to salvage what is left of her marriage, but Ryan admits that he's confused and needs time to think. Victoria tells Neil that Tricia's return surprised Ryan and her, but she knows that Ryan has given up on Tricia for good. When Victoria asks Ryan out to dinner, he declines. Malcolm confides to Olivia that he is not sure how much longer her sister will stay in town. Drucilla is pleased with the photos Malcolm shot of her and believes that these photos will make it easy to jump start her career in Europe.
890.	The Young and the Restless (1973 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.6421 (1998)
Victor is happy to have Nikki back home. Nikki is surprised that the situation with Diane is not resolved yet. Diane fills Jack in on her meeting with Victor, noting it was shockingly cordial. She now is torn whether to continue playing hardball or to accept his offer. Jack advises Diane to trust her instincts. Victoria thanks Neil for his offer, but she thinks it would be best for her to relocate to the Los Angeles office to avoid the fallout with Cole. Neil tries to make Victoria understand that isolating herself would be the worst possible idea at such a time. Jill hires interior designers to make plans for a redesign of the Chancellor Estate to make it the home she and Phillip had hoped for it to become. Just then, Katherine shows up at Jabot. Jill alludes to her plans for her new home, but leaves out the little fact that this involves kicking Katherine out of hers. After a successful interview for a summer internship, Megan arrives at Crimson Lights. Mistaking a stranger for Alec she sneaks up on him and kisses him: it is Tony! Following their awkward introduction, Megan and Tony have a very nice conversation. Keith wonders why he hasn't heard from Tricia in quite a while and decides to pay her a visit. Ryan and Tricia enjoy their marital bliss, but she worries about her father's reaction to their marriage. Nikki visits Victoria and picks up on her bigger figure...
891.	The Young and the Restless (1973 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.6890 (2000)
Ryan comforts Victoria who feels stupid for trusting Gary and letting him get so close to her. Nina returns home and wonders if Tomas read her manuscript while she was out. He assures her he is waiting until she feels ready to show him. Billy and Mac talk about their relationship. Billy decides that they will be best friends since he has Brittany and she has Raul. Christine tells a stunned Sharon and Nick that a lot time has passed and she really thinks Michael has changed. She asks them to give him another chance. Ashley avoids Victor's calls. Kay visits Victoria and tries to convince her to rest before returning to the office. Victor is furious when he finds out that Nikki left Victoria alone to go shopping. At Jabot, Jack, Jill, Ashley, Brad and Nikki are trying to define their roles in the company. Nikki is insulted when Ashley states she needs a lot of training before being an asset to the company. Chris is upset that Michael made a pitch without talking to her first. Michael defends himself and feels justified as they actually get the case.
892.	The Young and the Restless (1973 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.5223 (1993)
Jill comes to Jack's office. Jack isn't happy to see her. He's waiting for Victor and he doesn't want her to be still here when the big boss arrives. The meeting doesn't go as well as expected and Jack is fired. Scott's medical tests are bad. He tells Lauren he'll be hospitalized for a couple of days. He doesn't want her to bring Scotty there. When Eric is on the phone with Lauren, Sheila learns that Scott is in the hospital. This is Margaret and Miles' wedding. Chistine is the maid of honor and Paul is the best man.
893.	The Young and the Restless (1973 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.5346 (1994)
Katherine pays Victor a visit to talk about Nikki. Victor kisses Hope and goes to the ranch. He confronts Nikki who gets upset and assures him she hasn't been drinking alcohol for two years. Esther has another date with Norman. They both decide to be honest with each other. Christine and Paul question April about Robert. April explains she did her best to protect her daughter. She adds everything would have been different if Paul had loved her when Heather was born. Paul says they were kids. April kisses him and Christine leaves.
894.	Misery (1990)
Best-selling novelist Paul Sheldon is on his way home from his Colorado hideaway after completing his latest book, when he crashes his car in a freak blizzard. Paul is critically injured, but is rescued by former nurse Annie Wilkes, Paul's "number one fan", who takes Paul back to her remote house in the mountains (without bothering to tell anybody). Unfortunately for Paul, Annie is also a headcase. When she discovers that Paul has killed off the heroine in her favorite novels, her reaction leaves Paul shattered (literally)...
895.	Shetland (2013 TV Series)
Created from the novels by award winning crime writer Ann Cleeves, Shetland follows DI Jimmy Perez and his team as they investigate crime within the close knit island community. In this isolated and sometimes inhospitable environment, the team have to rely on a uniquely resourceful style of policing. Set against a hauntingly beautiful landscape, Shetland is based on the best selling books such as Red Bones, Raven Black, Dead Water and Blue Lightning.
896.	Malcolm in the Middle (2000 TV Series)
Episode: Poker (2002)
Abe invites Hal to his poker round for the first time. Hal is very excited until he finds out this is not as much fun as he thought ... Because Hal is busy losing his money, Reese has to accompany Lois to dance class where he becomes the center of attention of the elderly ladies. Meanwhile, Malcolm and Stevie both have creative school projects - Malcolm has to write an essay, and Stevie is making a video of this, annoying his best friend to no end.
897.	Malcolm in the Middle (2000 TV Series)
Episode: Reese Cooks (2001)
In an attempt to change the usual punishment pattern for Reese, Hal signs them both up for cooking classes, which turns out to be Reese's area of genius. Meanwhile Francis gets Eric into trouble because he did not yet finish his part of their co-op history assignment. Malcolm has the best intentions when he tries to explain to Cynthia that her planned party might end up with less then expected attendance.
898.	Malcolm in the Middle (2000 TV Series)
Episode: Thanksgiving (2003)
It's another family Thanksgiving, as Reese cons Hal and Dewey to help him out with the cooking. Francis and Piama are also there, but they're not even speaking to each other. Lois tries to intervene, but it goes nowhere as Hal prevents her from intervening. Soon after, all the family members start arguing with each other, claiming that this is the worst Thanksgiving ever. Meanwhile, Kirsten has invited Malcolm to her house party. He's having a blast without his family dragging him down and calls it the best Thanksgivng he's ever had in his life.
899.	Love, Rosie (2014)
Rosie and Alex have been best friends since they were 5, so they couldn't possibly be right for one another... or could they? When it comes to love, life and making the right choices, these two are their own worst enemies. One awkward turn at 18, one missed opportunity... and life sends them hurling in different directions. But somehow, across time, space and different continents, the tie that binds them cannot be undone. Will they find their way back to one another, or will it be too late? Based on Cecelia Ahern's bestselling novel "Where Rainbows End", LOVE, ROSIE is a modern comedy-of-errors tale posing the ultimate question: Do we really only get one shot at true love?
From the age of 5 Rosie Dunne and Alex Stewart have been best friends, as they take on life they just end up getting separated time and time again. When it comes to love it's just everyone else but each other... But when will they realise they are meant to be together?
Alex and Rosie have always been best friends. On Rosie's 18th birthday, it struck them that there could be something more than friendship between them. But fate always kept them apart, until one day they finally find out that they love each other.
900.	12 Years a Slave (2013)
1841. Black man qv##nm1185849## lives as a free man in Saratoga, New York with his wife and two children, he earning a living as a violinist. On what he believes will be an out of town music gig, he is instead drugged and sold into slavery in the deep south under the name Platt as that is for who the slave trader has papers. Initially incredulous to his plight, he decides that cooperation is the best way to survive. He sees few others in the same situation as him, but slowly he is separated from those with who he has built support. This process continues over his life as a slave, as he is at the mercy of whoever his master at the time and his master's associates who work on their own priorities. He finds that cooperation generally gets one nowhere and sometimes can get one into further trouble due to jealousy. At times, he cannot take the emotional abuse, his actions which lead to physical abuse. There are also times where he thinks he can trust someone to get himself out of his plight only to be turned upon instead. But as bad as his situation is, he finds that others are in much more dire straits, they who will do anything to get themselves out of a life they feel is not worth living.
901.	Clueless (1995)
Cher and Dionne are best friends who live in Beverly Hills. They are popular, rich, pretty, and charming. One day, they spot a new girl at school, Tai, and decides to do a makeover on her. They are very successful, but Cher realizes that she needed a makeover herself in a spiritual way. With this makeover, she learns about caring for others, going through pain, and love.
902.	12 Monkeys (2015 TV Series)
Episode: Paradox (2015)
With their readouts indicating that Cole is dying in 1987 Tokyo, Dr, Jones splinters him directly to 2015. He arrives but has lost a great deal of blood from the stab wound Ramse inflicted on him. Aaron is now convinced the plague is inevitable and wants Cassie to leave with him. She refuses to go and instead turns to someone who should be able to help them. To keep Cole alive they will have to turn to someone from his past. Aaron meanwhile decides to do what he thinks is best for himself and Cassie.
903.	The Andy Griffith Show (1960 TV Series)
Episode: Otis the Artist (1966)
Warren fancies himself something of an artist and works with mosaics. He's surprised that Otis, a reliable hard working citizen during the week, is a drunkard on the weekends and decides that what the man needs is a hobby. Otis soon throws himself into his art but the results are exactly what you would want to put on the living room wall - which is exactly what Andy has to do when Otis gives him a large mosaic of a brown cow. It turns out that there is one certain way to ensure that Otis does his best work.
904.	The Andy Griffith Show (1960 TV Series)
Episode: The Mayberry Chef (1968)
No one is more surprised than Aunt Bee when the owner of a local TV station asks her to host a daily cooking show. He's been checking around town for the best cook available and there's a consensus that Aunt Bee is the right choice. She's a bit nervous at the prospect but is more concerned about who will take care of Andy and Opie and cook their meals. To make sure she doesn't change turn the opportunity down, Andy creates a fictitious cook who will come in every day. In fact, Andy is cooking their meals, to Opie's dismay. Aunt Bee soon catches on and decides to make things right.
905.	The Andy Griffith Show (1960 TV Series)
Episode: Eat Your Heart Out (1966)
Goober falls hard for Flora Malherbe, the new waitress at the local diner. He's taken to eating several meals a day there just to see her and one day invites Andy along. Flora takes an immediate liking to Andy, something that is obvious to everyone except Goober. Andy does her best to avoid her but she pursues him relentlessly even following him into the woods when he goes hunting. When Goober hears that she and Andy were seen kissing, he decides that he will just ignore her. But Andy has already set things in motion to make it all right.
906.	The Andy Griffith Show (1960 TV Series)
Episode: Man in a Hurry (1963)
Malcolm Tucker's car breaks down on the outskirts of Mayberry and he hope to have it repaired in time to attend his meeting in Charlotte the next morning. Unfortunately it's a Sunday and if things are slow in Mayberry on other days, they are absolutely glacial on a Sunday. He tries his best to get Wally the mechanic to look at his car but he refuses and then finally convinces Gomer, who pumps gas part-time at Wally's station, to have a look at it. For Tucker, time is important and he has trouble accepting the pace of life in Mayberry but after spending a day with Andy at his home, he begins to re-assess his values and priorities.
907.	The Andy Griffith Show (1960 TV Series)
Episode: A Trip to Mexico (1967)
Aunt Bee is thrilled when she wins a trip for two to Mexico in a contest. The only question she now has to deal with is who will go with her. Andy can't leave and while Opie would like to go, there's no question of taking him out of school. She could invite one of her best friends, Clara or Myrtle, but just doesn't know how she will pick one over the other. Helen has the solution when she suggests that she offer half a free trip to them and if they're willing to pay the other half themselves, all three of them can go. Soon, the three friends are winging their way to Mexico but they don't see eye to eye on what they should be doing when they get there. By the time Andy and the others pick them up at the airport on their return, the three aren't even speaking to one another.
908.	The Andy Griffith Show (1960 TV Series)
Episode: Howard and Millie (1967)
Howard has been dating Millie for some time now and decides it's time to pop the question. She happily accepts and they decide to to get married right away. With Helen and Andy in tow as maid of honor and best man, they set off by train to Millie's home town to meet her parents and for the ceremony itself. Along the way however, they learn a little bit about themselves that gives them pause for thought. Millie is the carefree type who likes to let life just happen, while Howard on the other hand is meticulous and wants everything organized and planned down to the most minor detail. By the time they arrive at their destination, there is serious doubt about the wedding going forward.
909.	The Andy Griffith Show (1960 TV Series)
Episode: Opie's Hobo Friend (1961)
Andy becomes concerned when Opie suddenly starts to develop a bad attitude and shirking his responsibilities. Suddenly, he's not doing chores nor cleaning his room and spouting sayings like "the best time to do any job is tomorrow." Andy knows exactly where that kind of talk is coming from: David Browne, a hobo he and Opie met a few days earlier while out fishing. Browne agrees to move along when Andy asks him to but goes the extra mile to help Andy reset Opie's values.
910.	The Andy Griffith Show (1960 TV Series)
Episode: A Plaque for Mayberry (1961)
Members of the Women's Historical Society believe the direct descendant of a Revolutionary War hero may be living in Mayberry and borrow town records for their research. Barney uses the library and deduces that he, himself, is the person they are looking for. When the women announce that town drunk Otis Campbell is the real descendant, the mayor and town council have a fit and want Andy to get Otis out of town and bring in a substitute to accept the award. Andy refuses, saying it wouldn't be fair to Otis. Somewhat late for the ceremony, Otis and his wife show up dressed in their Sunday best. The women present the plaque to Otis, who says he can't take credit for being born and gives the plaque to the mayor for the town of Mayberry.
911.	The Andy Griffith Show (1960 TV Series)
Episode: Mountain Wedding (1963)
Briscoe Darling comes to town seeking the sheriff's help to solve a problem with Ernest T Bass, who has decided to court Briscoe's daughter Charlene and is making a pest of himself by throwing rocks through the windows of the Darling's cabin to get her attention. Charlene is already married to Dud Wash but Ernest T doesn't recognize the marriage because it wasn't performed by a preacher. Reluctantly, Andy agrees to help out and he and Barney make the long drive up to the mountains the next day. Ernest T is not impressed by the lawmen and continues breaking windows. Andy decides the best solution is another wedding, this time with the circuit preacher presiding. When Ernest T threatens to kidnap the bride Andy dresses Barney up as a decoy and Dud and Charlene are remarried while Ernest T is trying to figure out who Barney is. In the end Dud and Ernest T shake hands and they all celebrate at the cabin.
912.	The Andy Griffith Show (1960 TV Series)
Episode: The Song Festers (1964)
With a concert on the horizon, the Mayberry choir has been practicing a good deal. The problem is that Barney is the only tenor and the choirmaster, John Masters, would love to replace him with someone more suitable. Barney, egged on by his voice teacher Miss Eleanora Poultice, thinks he may have a shot at the big time. Despite John and Andy's best efforts however, they simply haven't been able to find anyone. During a lunchtime practice however, they hear a tenor whose voice is just perfect: and it turns out to be Gomer. Having found his new tenor John wants Andy to give Barney the bad news. When Gomer hears just how much it means to Barney to sing the solo however, he decides to take action himself.
913.	The Andy Griffith Show (1960 TV Series)
Episode: Three's a Crowd (1962)
Andy has been having the darndest time trying to build up the courage to ask Mary, the county nurse, out on a date. Whenever he does, Barney butts in and suggests making it a double-date with himself and Thelma Lou. It is not outside reason, at least the first time, but Andy notices it becoming a habit. When he sits down to talk to Barney about the situation, Barney twists it around and assumes the reason Andy wants to be alone with Mary is that he intends to pop the question; so, while Andy and Mary enjoy their first quiet evening together, Barney busies himself in gathering all of the family and friends to have a surprise party for an engagement that isn't actually happening. When the party arrives at Mary's front door, the group is shocked to find them not there. Unaware of Barney's assumption about their supposed wedding plans, Andy and Mary have gone out for a drive. Nevertheless, Barney and the wedding party track them down and begin having a party right there next to the car. Andy decides that the best course of action is to simply court Mary in public.
914.	The Andy Griffith Show (1960 TV Series)
Episode: Ellie Saves a Female (1961)
Ellie feels it's her feminine duty to go against a hard-pressed farmer's dictates against his daughter wearing make-up. Despite Andy's advice to keep her nose out of it, Ellie delivers a box of free make-up to the girl, only to be told "no" by her father and to leave his property. Undeterred, Ellie gets Barney to try his luck. When Barney, too, strikes out, he sneaks about the farm to find and arrest the girl so Ellie can transform her into a beautiful lady. Andy and Ellie return the beautified girl to the farm, where the farmer acknowledges her beauty but still needs her help with the farm, even though being female makes her only fair help at best. Andy addresses the businessman in him by pointing out that the girl's greatest asset to the farm should be in attracting an able-bodied son-in-law/farmhand to help run things. The farmer now sees his daughter in a whole new light (as bait), and everyone is happy.
915.	The Andy Griffith Show (1960 TV Series)
Episode: Bringing Up Opie (1961)
Between Otis staggering drunk, Barney practicing his quick draw, and an incident at school where Opie handcuffs another kid to a flagpole, Aunt Bee worries that the jailhouse is not a fit environment for a little boy. She suggests strongly to Andy that other places might be more fitting for an impressionable young lad than "criminals and sheriffin'," so Andy tells Opie he can't visit the courthouse anymore. The next day at the office, with nothing to do, Andy and Barney and Otis start to miss Opie. Barney gets so bored that he tries teaching Otis the fast draw. Meanwhile, Opie is at home with nothing to do, so Aunt Bee gives him the activity of planting spinach out in the yard. While everyone agrees this is the best thing, the change adversely affect everyone involved, especially Opie, who is at a loss over what to do after he's finished with the spinach. He gets distracted and wanders off in a Huck Finn-type adventure. Playing kick the can about town, he finds himself at the old Johnson mine, which collapses (fortunately before he can enter it). Wandering further, he makes a trade with an older kid for some apples, all of which he consumes, giving himself a bellyache. He falls asleep in the back of a truck and ends up over in the next town. Aunt Bee begins to wonder if Opie's misdeed wasn't because he's been absent from the guiding influence of his pa; so, she, Andy and Barney come to an agreement that he can stay around the jail if the lawmen will make a few changes to make it a much healthier environment.
916.	The Andy Griffith Show (1960 TV Series)
Episode: Barney Mends a Broken Heart (1962)
Andy stops by Peggy's house to pick her up for their date only to find that an old high school friend of hers, Don, is passing through town and has stopped in to see her. Andy is a bit jealous and when Peggy suggests that Don come along on their date Andy refuses and storms out of the house. Barney immediately decides that the best thing for Andy is to get him dating right away and arranges for him and Thelma Lou, along with her friend Lydia Crosswaithe to meet but that turns into a bit of a disaster. He then calls a couple of girls he knows, Skippy and Daphne and arranges for them to meet but things go awry when Daphne's boyfriend shows up.
917.	The Andy Griffith Show (1960 TV Series)
Episode: The New Housekeeper (1960)
In the sleepy township of Mayberry, North Carolina, Sheriff/Justice of the Peace Andy Taylor is just about to join citizens Wilbur and Rose in holy matrimony. Rose is Andy's former housekeeper, and marrying Wilbur means that she will no longer take care of Andy and his six-year-old son Opie. During the wedding, Opie makes his objection to the marriage known as he feels it means Rose doesn't love him anymore. Into Rose's place comes Andy's Aunt Bee, who leaves her lonely spinster life to live with Andy and Opie full time, yet there are objections from Opie, who sees Aunt Bee as an interloper who will never live up to all the things that Rose was in his life. All Opie's attempts to prove that Aunt Bee isn't needed fail, as does Andy's attempts to make her more accessible to Opie, like teaching her to fish and play baseball. The last straw comes when Opie discovers his bird Dickie missing from his cage because Aunt Bee left it open while cleaning it. Finally, Aunt Bee decides that it would be best to just leave, but Opie has a change of heart, deciding that she will be nothing without the important skills of baseball, fishing and frog hunting, and that he is the only person who can teach her these important skills. In the end, he accepts Aunt Bee, Dickie returns, and Andy plays a tune on the guitar. All is well.
With Andy's long-time housekeeper Rose getting married, his Aunt Bee comes to Mayberry to live with him. Andy is close to his Aunt Bee, whom raised him as a child. Opie on the other hand has difficulty readily adapting to this new arrangement. For him, no one can replace Rose, and no matter how hard she tries, Aunt Bee can't seem to bring him around. When she accidentally leaves Opie's birdcage open and his pet escapes, she decides that it might be best for her to go. Opie overhears and realizes that he really wants her to stay.
918.	The Andy Griffith Show (1960 TV Series)
Episode: The Pickle Story (1961)
Aunt Bee is a wonderful cook but she just can't seem to make a tasty pickle. She's at it again, though, putting up another batch for the boys, who have never had the heart to tell her they taste terrible. Rather than choke down any more of her "kerosene cucumbers," Andy, Barney, and Opie substitute good store-bought pickles for her bad homemade ones. Having lost to Clara Johnson in the best pickles contest at the fair eleven years in a row, Bee thinks her latest batch is a winner and decides to enter. Knowing it would be unfair to the other contestants, especially Clara, for store-bought pickles to be entered, the boys must eat every one of the substitutes so Aunt Bee will have to make another batch of her own for the contest.
919.	The Andy Griffith Show (1960 TV Series)
Episode: The Darling Fortune (1966)
The Darling clan comes to Mayberry, this time to find wives for the four Darling boys. Briscoe Darling has recently sold a parcel of land to the county and has the worldly sum of $300 in his pocket to make it all happen. Despite Andy's best efforts to explain otherwise, the elder Darling is convinced that it should only take a day or two to find suitable brides for his fine young men. Things don't quite go as planned and when they see an owl in the daytime - an omen that the next woman they see is the one destined to their true love - Helen Crump suddenly finds herself being pursued by the Darlings who simply won't take no for an answer. Andy has to figure how to get her out of this mess.
920.	The Andy Griffith Show (1960 TV Series)
Episode: Runaway Kid (1960)
After giving Opie a lesson on trust, loyalty and keeping promises, Andy learns that "Tex," one of his son's playmates, is a runaway from a nearby town whom Opie promised he wouldn't tell on. Opie is confused when Andy expects him to break his word and give him the boy's last name. Andy must find a way to reunite the boy with his worried parents and show a disappointed Opie that sometimes breaking your word is the best thing to do.
921.	The Andy Griffith Show (1960 TV Series)
Episode: The Church Benefactors (1968)
A $500 bequest to the church creates a bit of a predicament for Andy. The Reverend asks Andy to chair a three member panel, with himself and Martha Clark as members, to decide how to best spend the money. They get three proposals. Elmo suggests that they buy a pool table for the men's club. Aunt Bee and Clara Edwards suggest that, after many years of asking, the choir be provided with robes. Lastly, Howard and Emmett suggest that the money be used to level the church building which, over the years, has developed a bit of a tilt. When it comes to a vote, the Reverend opts for fixing the building and Martha votes for the robes. No one is interested in the pool table idea so it's left to Andy to cast the deciding ballot. His decision causes division in the community and it's Howard that comes up with a solution that pleases everyone.
922.	The Andy Griffith Show (1960 TV Series)
Episode: A Feud Is a Feud (1960)
A young couple wakes the Taylors late at night and wants to get married. Andy barely gets started when Hannah's father bursts in and stops the wedding at gunpoint, followed by Josh's father, who has the same intention. It seems that the Carters and Wakefields have been feuding for years and the patriarchs ain't about to let one o' theirs marry one o' them, so Andy backs down. In the morning Andy decides the best course of action is to end the feud before marrying the couple and visits both fathers. He learns that neither knows how the feud started and that no one has been killed in the 87 years of fighting. Andy proposes a duel to end the feud but both men run off rather than take the chance of getting killed. In the end, Andy marries Josh and Hannah at gunpoint.
923.	The Andy Griffith Show (1960 TV Series)
Episode: The Beauty Contest (1961)
With Andy picked to judge the first beauty contest at the upcoming Founder's Day celebration, the townsfolk drive him crazy by parading their sweethearts, daughters, and nieces in front of him to try to influence his vote. Ellie, Andy's natural choice, is angry with him and will not enter the contest, so he will have to choose from the others. When the time comes, Ellie is in the contest, entered by Aunt Bee, but if Andy votes for her she will never speak to him again. Andy, unable to vote for Ellie, and unwilling to vote for any of the others, makes an unusual but best choice.
924.	The Andy Griffith Show (1960 TV Series)
Episode: Man in the Middle (1964)
When Barney and Thelma Lou have a big fight and Barney declares their relationship over, Andy tries to soothe things and says maybe it's all for the best. Barney and Thelma Lou reconcile and when he tells her what Andy said, she becomes incensed and refuses to speak to him. When she relays what Andy said to Helen, they end up having a fight and Helen breaks up with Andy. It all goes round and round until Barney and Thelma Lou decide they have to do something to get Andy and Helen back together again.
925.	The Andy Griffith Show (1960 TV Series)
Episode: Wyatt Earp Rides Again (1966)
Everyone in Mayberry is excited when a Wild West show comes to town. Everyone likes the show and its promoter Fred Gibson but the real draw is Clarence Earp Dempsey, a direct descendant of the legendary U.S. Marshall, Wyatt Earp. The show begins to have a negative impact on Opie and some of his friends however when they take some of shows slogans - like the best man is a fighting man - just a little too much to heart. Andy tries to get Gibson to tone it down but Dempsey ends up challenging him to a duel. Andy has to do some quick thinking to settle it all amicably.
926.	The Andy Griffith Show (1960 TV Series)
Episode: The Horse Trader (1961)
After Opie gets cheated in a trade and intends to cheat another boy in return, Andy reminds him of "The Golden Rule" and tells him that honesty is the best policy. When the town council appoints Andy and Barney to sell an old cannon, they have no luck until an antique dealer comes through town. He is hesitant at first, but Andy makes up a history for the old gun and the man agrees to buy it for $175. When Opie follows Andy's example and trades a broken cuff link as a button off General George Washington's uniform for a pair of roller skates and money, Andy realizes he broke the golden rule himself and tries to make amends. The dealer still wants the cannon so Andy cuts the price to $20.
927.	The Andy Griffith Show (1960 TV Series)
Episode: Politics Begin at Home (1966)
It's the men against the women when a vacancy comes up on the city council. Andy, Goober and Floyd decide that Howard would be an ideal candidate. At the same time, Aunt Bee's Women's Club decides that she should stand for office. When Andy tries to talk her out of it, it only re-enforces her resolve to run. Aunt Bee and Howard are soon on the campaign trail and while Andy is getting something of a cold shoulder at home, he remains steadfast in his support for Howard. When Andy suggests a public debate on the issues, it becomes obvious who the best candidate is.
928.	The Andy Griffith Show (1960 TV Series)
Episode: Andy Discovers America (1963)
Opie doesn't like his new teacher - he calls her 'Old Lady' Crump - and he especially doesn't like the amount of homework she gives out. He particularly doesn't like history and at breakfast one morning, Andy tells him not to worry about it and just do the best he can. Opie misinterprets what his father has told him and takes it to mean he doesn't need to do history homework and he makes a point of telling his teacher so. Soon, all of the boys are backing Opie and she has a bit of revolt on her hands. Fed up, Helen Crump lets Andy know exactly what she thinks of his parenting skills. Feeling that he needs to make amends for any trouble he may have caused, he tries to find a way to get the boys enthused about American history
929.	Baywatch (1989 TV Series)
Episode: Wet 'n' Wild (1995)
Matt is initially flattered to be asked as mentor for new Baywatch lifeguard Neely Capshaw, but when he proves faithful to C.J. and exposes the flirtatious recruit as a dangerous alcoholic, she files a false sexual harassment complaint, forcing Mitch to suspend his best boy. Hobie and his mates become avid fans of motorcycle stunt rider Johnny Danger, whose traveling show visits Malibu, but the immature idol not only lures the to joins parties with alcohol, even rides drunk. Neely flirts with Danny and lures them to pick a fight, but C.J. ends up exposing her crazy rival before Matt's trial.
930.	Baywatch (1989 TV Series)
Episode: Charlie (1997)
April's mother and her 12-year-old younger brother, Charlie, arrive for a visit where Mitch and Hobie try to make the best of the weekend with Charlie who is revealed to be dying from a rare form of cancer that April refuses to accept. Meanwhile, Hobie and a friend of his want to compete with Mitch and Newman, as well as Cody and J.D., in the annual lifeguard row-boat race to prove themselves.
931.	Baywatch (1989 TV Series)
Episode: The Drowning Pool (1989)
When a middle-aged man drowns in front of Jill's tower, the incident report lists the cause of death as a heart attack. But when certain things don't add up, Jill investigates herself and soon becomes involved with the man's son, whom she begins to suspect that he murdered his father to inherit the family business. But all of the evidence against the son is circumstantial at best.
932.	Baywatch (1989 TV Series)
Episode: The Trophy: Part 1 (1991)
Caroline Larkin is a new teenage girl in town from a poor working-class Ohio family who wants to be accepted into a local high school clique. So she lies to the snobbish girls of the group about seducing Eddie whom she develops a crush on. But Caroline's domineering, overprotective father has Eddie arrested for statutory rape after learning about Caroline's so-called score. Meanwhile, Eric Turner is a former Baywatch lifeguard and Mitch's old friend who was the best of the team, until he lost his job after an accident which injured his back and confined him to a wheelchair. The paraplegic Turner also wants to reconcile his lost relationship with the Australian lifeguard Megan whom be pushed away along with everyone else that tried to comfort him over his disability.
933.	30 Rock (2006 TV Series)
Based more-than-loosely on backstage shenanigans at qv##tt0072562##," qv##tt0496424##" centers on young Liz Lemon, currently head writer for a live sketch-comedy show in New York. Complications follow when the network's new president orders Liz to hire mentally unstable movie star Tracy Jordan to join the cast, throwing neurotic leading lady (and Liz's best friend) Jenna Maroney into a tizzy. Liz tries to juggle all the egos around her while trying to chase her own dream.
934.	30 Rock (2006 TV Series)
Episode: Audition Day (2009)
While Liz and Pete try to rig the audition process, Tracy and Jenna decide it's in their best interest to conduct their own search for a new "TGS" actor. Amidst the audition chaos, Jack faces a more personal issue.
935.	30 Rock (2006 TV Series)
Episode: Argus (2010)
Wedding fever hits TGS, leaving Liz to sort out Grizz's dilemma when both Tracy and Dot Com want to be his best man. Jenna's new boyfriend, Paul, raises Liz and Pete's suspicions, while Jack is finally forced to deal with the death of his mentor, Don Geiss, when Geiss leaves him a strange but meaningful inheritance.
936.	30 Rock (2006 TV Series)
Episode: Idiots Are People Two! (2012)
Drama erupts at TGS when a cell phone video leaks onto the web with Tracy Jordan on an offensive rant. Liz tries to do damage control. Meanwhile, Jack's refusal to approve of Liz's new boyfriend causes her to question the validity of her relationship. Kenneth and Jenna Maroney call on Kelsey Grammer when a problem arises that only the Best Friends Gang can handle.
937.	30 Rock (2006 TV Series)
Episode: 100: Part 1 (2011)
When Hank Hooper threatens to cancel "TGS", Jack convinces him to allow Liz and company the chance to do their 100th episode. To produce the best show possible, however, Liz must deal with less-than-ideal working conditions. Amidst the chaos of show preparation, Jack starts doubting a key decision in his life and Jenna contemplates motherhood.
938.	30 Rock (2006 TV Series)
Episode: Fireworks (2007)
Devon Banks visits the studio. Jack feels threatened by the younger competitor and tries to plan a live show with fireworks to prove he still is the best in his business. When Jack finds out that Devon is gay and has a thing for Kenneth, he tries to make Kenneth hang out with Devon to get information about his ideas for new shows. Liz sees the Flower Guy on his way to church on a Tuesday. This worries Liz since she thinks it's weird to go to church on a Tuesday. Liz also has some trouble with Scott, who gets on her nerves, since there is no chance that he is going to leave her apartment anytime soon. When Tracy has to submit DNA for a paternity test, he discovers that he is a direct descendant of Thomas Jefferson.
939.	30 Rock (2006 TV Series)
Episode: 100: Part 2 (2011)
When Hank Hooper threatens to cancel "TGS", Jack convinces him to allow Liz and company the chance to do their 100th episode. To produce the best show possible, however, Liz must deal with less-than-ideal working conditions. Amidst the chaos of show preparation, Jack starts doubting a key decision in his life and Jenna contemplates motherhood.
940.	30 Rock (2006 TV Series)
Episode: The Ballad of Kenneth Parcell (2012)
Liz is appalled when she finds out Jenna has betrayed their friendship for the sake of fame, so she goes on a mission to find a new best friend. Tracy contemplates mortality as Dotcom and Grizz scramble to show him that life is still worth living. Meanwhile Jack is humiliated when a "businessversary" gift meant for Hank is sent to the wrong floor.
941.	Crazy, Stupid, Love. (2011)
Cal Weaver is in a mid-life rut and doesn't even realize it, until Emily Weaver nee Boyle, his wife of twenty-five years, his high school sweetheart, and the only woman he's ever been with, asks him for a divorce. She still loves him but not what he's become. That rut has even led to her having an affair with her co-worker, David Lindhagen, who would like that relationship to be permanent. A young, handsome, well appointed, and seemingly wealthy young man named Jacob Palmer notices what a sad sack of a man Cal is because of his situation. Jacob, a Lothario of a man who can have his pick of women with who he only wants one-night stands, offers to help Cal get his manly mojo back to make Emily regret ever wanting to divorce him, and make him move on with his life. Although Cal accepts Jacob's help, the one part he may not really want is moving on from Emily. As Jacob helps Cal, Jacob himself may come to the realization that there is more to life than one-night stands, especially after he meets a young law student named Hannah, who is going through her own relationship issues. A happy romantic ending for both Cal and Jacob with their respective loves is hindered by some unknown information, including Cal's best friend's seventeen year old daughter, Jessica Riley, being secretly in love with him, while Cal's thirteen year old son, Robbie Weaver, is in turn in love with Jessica.
942.	The Musketeers (2014 TV Series)
Episode: Knight Takes Queen (2014)
Frustrated by his wife's infertility Louis makes a foolish statement, suggesting it were best if she were dead. As a result Richelieu sends Irish gunman Gallagher and his gang to kill her while she is travelling with the musketeers. Sending their friends back for reinforcements Aramis and Athos take her to a convent for sanctuary, where Aramis is surprised to see his former love, Helene is one of the nuns though she and the Mother Superior prove themselves very capable in the subsequent siege. However it is with the queen that Aramis grows intimate, to Athos's horror. The siege is lifted, the queen saved and the king contrite whilst Richelieu manages to frame somebody else for the assassination attempt.
943.	The Musketeers (2014 TV Series)
Episode: The Challenge (2014)
D'Artagnan learns that his inheritance, father's Gascon farm, was burned down by the region's abusive former royal intendant LaBarge, a ruthless giant, who was finally arrested for violent crimes. A brawl between the musketeers, who escort him to the Bastille, and the cardinals' red guards, who claim him but can't control the brute, gets out of hand and displeases king Louis. Richelieu inspires him to a high wager on a competition to determine the best of both regiments. It's decided to let each commander designate a champion, which captain Trudeau turns into a sweepstakes competition among volunteering musketeers. The four heroes want the honor, which requires raising $30 each. For Athos that just means seducing a rich widow, D'Artagnan almost sells his soul by accepting it from Milday DeWinter, whom Constace considers a hopelessly superior rival. Richelieu however promises Labarge a full pardon if he wins, hence commissions him. The fight is D'Artagnan best shot at the new desperately needed commission, but it seems lost when the captain, realizing LaBarge is likely to kill his adversary, designates himself, only to result in royally called foul with make-up duel.
944.	The Musketeers (2014 TV Series)
Episode: Friends and Enemies (2014)
The brightest and best musketeers of the King's Regiment - Athos, Porthos and Aramis - are dispatched by Captain Treville to find a missing musketeer carrying important letters on behalf of King Louis. Meanwhile, d'Artagnan travels from his family farm in Gascony to Paris to petition the king, but his peaceful plans are turned upside down.
945.	Leverage (2008 TV Series)
Episode: The Top Hat Job (2009)
Lillian foods VP Erik Casten has sneakily chosen not to recall tons of produce past-date after calculations a lawsuit would cost less. To expose him, the team must get to his super-protected computer files. Their best shot is during the annual staff bonding day. Nate is hired as sabotaged magician Chronos's replacement by CEO William Taylor Price, but this magic proves hard to work for the whole team.
946.	Leverage (2008 TV Series)
Episode: The Nigerian Job (2008)
Nathan Ford worked for one of the most respected Insurance companies in America, where he investigated (often bogus) claims and met no end of scammers, thieves and ne'er-do-wells along the way. When that same insurance company refused to pay for treatment of his terminally-ill son, he quit the business and has been freelancing ever since, investigating and traversing the globe while collecting a paycheck and trying unsuccessfully to deal with the unspeakable loss of both his son, and his wife. On one such stop, he is approached by one Victor Dubenich, who tells Nathan how he feels for Nathan's late son and late wife, and doesn't he wish he could get even with those big, uncaring corporations? Victor tells of the designs for a state-of-the-art luxury airliner, that have been stolen by a rival company, and how Nathan is the only man who has the contacts to recover them. Nathan hesitantly agrees, and recruits some of the best criminals in the business (the lone wolf mercenary, the uber-geek hacker, the clinically insane cat burglar and the world's worst stage actress)... all to settle the score for Victor, and by extension, Nathan too. The problem is that every last one of them - including Nathan - is used to working as a solo act. But with their unique skills, and in spite of inherent personality conflicts, they discover they work pretty well together. And they might even be having fun.
947.	Leverage (2008 TV Series)
Episode: The Double Blind Job (2010)
Parker is jealous when Hardison (and Eliot) literally rescue young Ashley Moore from a snatch & grab by FakeBI agents. Ashley met Dr. Roberts, who claimed to have info about the death of Ashley's sister from JRP Pharmaceuticals HT1. "Caddyshack" legend, Michael O'Keefe, plays Darren Hoffman, evil CEO. Hoffman ran JRP and now he runs PallaGen. He is relaunching deadly HT1 as Vioplex, cutting edge pain medication. FDA agent, Jennifer Pearson, has bona fides ripe for picking. Sophie takes up cinema. Can our best cat burglar trip a motion sensor on purpose ... even for the sake of the con?
948.	Leverage (2008 TV Series)
Episode: The Ice Man Job (2009)
Breath of fresh air: Sophie is gone. Joey, a Boston PD officer and part-time security driver is jacked mid-transport of diamonds owned by Kerrity Diamonds and consults Nate. Nate knows Jim Kerrity is dirty and Kerrity hired Russian goons to steal the diamonds. Hardison knows less than zero about diamonds, but he is the grifter. Parker is the roper, lovely in sapphire and wearing the (pink) Rosalind Diamond; her mantra: Say nothing. Trust the diamond. Eliot is reliably badass muscle and Nate is IYS adjuster. Did "The Iceman" overplay his hand? Lucky his best girl is the best damned diamond thief on the planet!
949.	Leverage (2008 TV Series)
Episode: The First Contact Job (2012)
An average but wealthy engineer whose father's genius skipped a generation chases fame by stealing inventions and putting "James Kanack" on them. Parker and Hardison add fun to date night when Oren Metz hires the team. Willie Riker is a country hunk come to town, or so Kanack believes, but when Nate orders a Close Encounter, he's not whistling Star Trek. Parker annoys Eliot with her best Drew Barrymore imitation.
950.	Pokemon (1998 TV Series)
Episode: The Case of the K-9 Caper! (1999)
When Ash and his friends see a group of Growlithe training against a Policeman posing as a robber, Ash decides for him and Pikachu to do the same training to become the best they can be. However, when Team Rocket comes to steal them, Officer Jenny, Ash, and the gang's voice gets changed, causing the Growlithe to think that Team Rocket are the Officers as they use their ears to follow command.
951.	Caddyshack (1980)
Danny Noonan is a young caddy at Bushwood Country Club who has no idea about where his future will lead. His best chance at getting his life on track is to earn a caddy scholarship from Judge Elihu Smails, the owner of the Country Club. Al Czervik is a rude, and overly eccentric millionaire who has interests in purchasing Bushwood. Judge Smails shows a quick disliking towards Al and soon there is a conflict between the Judge and Al, the Judge and Danny, and even between the Judge and Ty Webb the charming golfer who is slowly helping Danny figure out his real goals. On the outside of this is Carl Spackler the Golf Course Grounds keeper, who's goal is eliminate a rampaging gopher who is chewing up holes throughout the golf course.
952.	Shameless (2004 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #2.3 (2005)
When the Jockey is temporarily shut by the police Frank turns Sheila's house into a drinking den and almost loses the twins through a bad choice of baby-sitter. Fiona suspects Steve of having an affair but discovers that the 'other woman' is a daughter from a youthful fling. Carol and Veronica go head to head when the council announces that the owner of the best kept garden will get a year's free rent but,after a showdown at Carol's birthday party from which Veronica is banned,discover it is a ploy by the council to keep properties tidy.
953.	Shameless (2004 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #10.8 (2012)
Following the suicide of his old flame Alice, Dominic loses both his faith and the will to live and asks Frank to help him to kill himself. Frank,however,does his best to sabotage every attempt until eventually Dominic has an epiphany whilst sitting on the roof of a high building and decides to return to the land of the living,seeing it as his business to stop Avril's attempt to help her daughter Letitia lose her cherry. Meanwhile Lillian gets her own back on magistrate Malcolm,a client who has passed her off as his life coach to justify his expenses.
954.	Younger (2015 TV Series)
Follows 40-year-old Liza (Foster), a suddenly single mother who tries to get back into the working world, only to find out it's nearly impossible to start at the bottom at her age. When a chance encounter with a 20-something guy at a bar convinces her she looks younger than she is, Liza tries to pass herself off as 26 -- with the help of a makeover, courtesy of her best friend Maggie (Mazar). Armed with new confidence, she lands a job as an assistant to the temperamental Diana (Shor) and teams up with her new co-worker and fellow 20-something Kelsey (Duff) to make it in the career of her dreams.
955.	Battlestar Galactica (2004 TV Series)
Episode: Water (2004)
Lt. Sharon "Boomer" Valerii awakens soaking wet in the locker room and finds plastic explosives and a detonator in her sports bag. She discretely returns the detonator to the small arms locker but finds that six other are missing. Soon after, major explosions rock the ship, destroying over two-thirds of its water supply. She's terrified that she will be suspect and turns to chief Galen Tyrol for help. Commander Adama orders the fleet to ration water and they begin the search for a planet where they may be able to replenish their supplies. Back on Caprica, Lt. Karl 'Helo' Agathon - who gave up his seat on an escape flight to Gaius Baltar - is doing his best to survive. He is pleased when Boomer has apparently returned to rescue him but they are soon on the run when her ship is overrun by the Cylons.
956.	Battlestar Galactica (2004 TV Series)
Episode: Occupation (2006)
The Cylons have now been in control of New Caprica for over four months. Gaius Baltar is under their collective thumbs and essentially follows their orders. There is a resistance who set off bombs and do their best to disrupt Cylon activity. Col. Tigh is in prison and despite extensive torture, including the loss of an eye, has told them nothing. His wife Ellen will do anything to secure his release and is soon in a sexual relationship with one of the Cylons, John Cavil. There are mixed feelings among the survivors. Some feel the random acts of violence against their captors serves no useful purpose while others feel it is their duty to resist. Kara Thrace, Starbuck, is being kept prisoner in an apartment of sorts by Leoben Conoy. She too resists but every time she kills him, he is simply re-generated and reappears insisting he will continue to do so until he tells her she loves him. Back on Galactica, Admiral Adama takes his son Lee, Commander of the Battlestar Pegasus, to task for going soft.
957.	Battlestar Galactica (2004 TV Series)
Episode: Colonial Day (2005)
The twelve representatives of the survivors of their colonies gather in the luxury liner Cloud 9 for a meeting to discuss political issues. Sagittarion selects Tom Zerek to represent their interests and the former terrorist raises the need of a Vice-President in case Roslin has any problem. His proposal is accepted and he becomes the only candidate. President Roslin gives her best effort trying to find an opponent and promising that Tom Zarek would never be her Vice-President. Meanwhile the abusive Captain Apollo, who is in charge of security with Starbuck, turns off the speech of Zarek, creating confusion with his followers, and accidentally they find a man with a weapon. In occupied Caprica, Helo discovers the truth about the evolution of the Cylons to the human form.
958.	Battlestar Galactica (2004 TV Series)
Episode: Precipice (2006)
As a result of the most recent suicide bombings, some of the Cylons are now arguing that they need to retaliate. Laura Roslin, among others, is in custody and Gaius Baltar tries to get her to cooperate. Tigh however absolutely refuses to stop the suicide bombings. Nighttime raids also leads to Cally's arrest but they leave her baby alone. Sharon Valerii sees what she can do about it. John Cavil meanwhile tells Ellen Tigh she is to provide the date and location of the next meeting of the resistance commanders. Leoben Conoy is still holding Starbuck prisoner but introduces her to her daughter, Kacey, produced from eggs they harvested from her when she was on the Farm. On Galactica, Admiral Adama begins to plan for a massive rescue of everyone on New Caprica. He realizes they will have to obtain the launch keys for all of the ships on the planet's surface. The best way of infiltrating the Cylons is with another Cylon so Adama commissions Sharon Agathon as an officer.
959.	X-Men: First Class (2011)
The first class of X-Men, led by two very powerful mutants named Charles Xavier and Eric Lensherr, join together to stop a ruthless and powerful dictator from thrusting Russia and the U.S. into nuclear war. But Eric has his own agenda, and it soon rips him and his best friend apart.
960.	M*A*S*H (1972 TV Series)
From June 25, 1950 to July 27, 1953, The Korean War was a military conflict between the Republic of Korea, supported by the United Nations, and the Democratic People's Republic of Korea and People's Republic of China (PRC), with air support from the Soviet Union. To tend to the wounded, the government sent the Mobile Army Surgical Hospital to the front lines to nurse the soldiers. In the camp called the 4077th, Captain Benjamin Franklin "Hawkeye" Pierce witnesses this ferocious yet pointless fight go on while trying to keep the mood light with wise-cracking and practical jokes. He meets many illustrious people, such as the near-psychic company clerk Corporal Walter "Radar" O'Reilly, the short-tempered Head Nurse Major Margaret "Hot Lips" Houlihan, Maxwell Q.Klinger who will do anything to be sent home, stern Colonel Henry Blake, the neurotic Major Frank Burns (Hawkeye's roommate), affable Father Francis Mulcahy, countless other doctors and nurses, and Hawkeye's best friend, fellow fun-loving prankster Captain "Trapper" John McIntyre. During the war, Hawkeye sees many changes occur around him: Trapper, Frank and Radar are sent home, Klinger takes over as company clerk, B.J. Hunnicutt becomes Hawkeye's new best friend and plays around with him instead, arrogant but educated Charles Emerson Winchester III becomes Hawkeye's new roommate, and Blake's plane is shot down over the Sea of Japan, spinning in and killing him. He is replaced by Colonel Sherman Potter, an experienced man who becomes a father figure, albeit a strict one, to the group. Countless doctors and nurses appear throughout, and you can always count on the insane Colonel Samuel Flagg to try to screw everything up.
961.	M*A*S*H (1972 TV Series)
Episode: Kim (1973)
Hawkeye operates on a wounded five year old boy. As Henry passes out in the Mess Tent, the guys tease Radar about his huge appetite. Radar tries to find the little boy's family. Hawkeye reads smut to young Kim as the rest of the staff fights over his care. Henry calls Sister Theresa's orphanage as Trapper writes to his wife about adopting Kim; Trapper's wife is delighted. Everyone at 4077 (but Frank) falls in love with Kim. He sleeps over with Radar and with Margaret, he helps Henry at work, Klinger plays ball with him and Trapper makes toys for Kim. At a picnic, tragedy strikes when the child wanders into a minefield. (Frank is as good a babysitter as he is a surgeon) and Trapper goes in after him. Can Kim and Trapper be rescued? When man is put to the ultimate test, will he do what is best for the one he loves?
962.	M*A*S*H (1972 TV Series)
Episode: Point of View (1978)
Private Rich is wounded and evacuated by chopper to the 4077; the entire episode is shot through his eyes. From the 4077 chopper pad, to triage, the O.R. and finally into recovery, Rich gets to meet the M*A*S*H personnel at their very best...and Colonel Potter is in a terrible mood. Radar, B.J. and Klinger carry his litter (Rich is a big fella) and he is brought in for surgery. Everyone, Chuckles included, bickers, banters and takes very good care of Rich. Klinger takes Rich for a wheelchair tour; Rich has a sponge bath from Margaret: he gets the full 4077 treatment. Col. Potter, who received his medical training at Fort Sam Houston, recognizes Rich as a Texan: Potter says a Texan always offers to shake hands, no matter how many tubes are coming out of his arm. Although Rich has a throat injury and cannot speak, he still finds a way to impact the lives of his surgeon, Hawkeye, and Colonel Potter. When his litter is lifted into the bus that will take him to Tokyo, B.J., Hawkeye and Potter are there to say goodbye and wish him well: Rich will be going home soon. As the bus pulls away from the 4077, Pvt. Rich can see the three wise doctors waving to him from outside the bus rear window. From any vantage point, Rich is a very lucky man.
963.	M*A*S*H (1972 TV Series)
Episode: Henry, Please Come Home (1972)
The original Swamp Rats (Spearchucker, Trapper and Hawkeye) are happy for their CO when Radar reads the telegram from Gen. Hammond. The 4077 has the best and highest efficiency rating of all the M*A*S*H units in Korea and Henry is receiving a citation. But the citation comes with a promotion in Tokyo, leaving Frank in charge. Like the other Huns, Frank has no consideration for the officers, NCOs or enlisted men. He expects Radar to work past 2 a.m., and then he orders reveille at dawn, calisthenics and snap inspections. Then Ferret Face really joins the Weasel family: he confiscates the still. Desperate times scream incessantly for desperate measures. Thank the one above (not MacArthur) that doctors are trained to measure...
964.	M*A*S*H (1972 TV Series)
Episode: Comrades in Arms: Part 1 (1977)
The 8063 CO asks Col. Potter to send his best surgeon to demonstrate a 4077 specialty procedure, the arterial transplant. The 8063 are agog at surgery that will save a badly shattered leg; Col. Potter asks Hawkeye to go, to the chagrin of the other surgeons. Instead of allowing Hawkeye to choose his own nurse, Margaret insists she accompany Hawkeye. En route to 8063, the 4077 jeep is shelled; apparently, the war moved. Margaret and Hawkeye are forced to abandon the jeep and seek refuge in a dilapidated hut. Hawkeye is annoyed because Margaret is super-bossy but he connects her moodiness with a letter she keeps rereading. The pair drink Japanese Scotch and pray no artillery or enemy will find them, as Col. Potter, BJ Mulcahy and Klinger call everyone from I Corp to Tokyo to the MPs to the bugged-out 8063 to find their lost teammates.
965.	M*A*S*H (1972 TV Series)
Episode: There Is Nothing Like a Nurse (1974)
Henry is drinking bi-carb as he listens to the griping of Hermann Goering in drag, (Hotlips) going on and on about putting a poor little nurse on bed arrest. Radar tells Henry an enemy attack is imminent; Henry regards it as the best news of the day. The nurses are taking the patients to the 44th Field Hospital and the men will be left to fend for themselves and try to fight off the enemy paratroopers. The guys gain new, genuine appreciation for the nurses; they miss them, especially when they have to do their jobs. The 4077 nurses made it all look so easy--the guys find out how hard their jobs really are. Will the nurses return from the cushy 44th Evac? Will they miss the guys at 4077...even half as much as the guys miss them?
966.	M*A*S*H (1972 TV Series)
Episode: Hawkeye Get Your Gun (1976)
Radar has a 4-day pass and Klinger is the temporary company clerk. Frank is very particularly cranky; he infuriates Potter when he calls Potter "old". Korean Army Hospital 426 needs two surgeons and supplies. Frank shoots off his big mouth again when he laughs at the idea of Col. Potter volunteering. A deck of playing cards decides the matter: Hawkeye and Potter pull the low cards, so they are going to the 426. Potter is adamant Hawkeye shall carry his sidearm; BJ "fills it with water" and brings it to the departing jeep. The 426 is in enemy territory and primitive; Major Choi, (Mako) is the ranking surgeon. Dr. Choi says they do the best they can with the available facilities. The work and hours are grueling; finally, Choi sends the doctors on their way, very grateful for the excellent work... and that they did not bring Ferret Face! On the ride home, Potter and Pierce find Klinger obligingly packed them a bottle. The doctors take on sniper fire and their jeep is hit...so they hit the nearest foxhole. Can two drunken doctors, one regular Army and the other, irregular pacifist, take on the enemy? Will Hawkeye know which end to point and which end to shoot?
967.	M*A*S*H (1972 TV Series)
Episode: Yessir, That's Our Baby (1979)
Some people inspire love; some people inspire gas. When a little bundle of Amerasian baby girl is left on The Swamp doorstep, the 4077 crew scrambles in delight to provide makeshift diapers, milk and affection. They are all very excited until Captain Mulcahy arrives. He knows the atrocities visited upon mixed race children by law in Korea. Even in an orphanage, the child would be treated like an outcast slave. Her only hope is sanctuary in a secret cloistered Catholic monastery. Hawkeye and BJ are outraged and try to charm Miss Harper at the Red Cross. She refers the guys to Major Spector, top aide to the Army Adjutant General. Maj. Spector refers the guys to Korean "Civil Law" (which are the words no layman wants to hear.) Koreans are an ancient civilization of one race. They have laws and traditions for an ordered society. They like the logic and structure this fosters. The next day, Col. Potter and Hawkeye reach out to a South Korean official. There, they learn truths that startle their democratic sensibilities: the U.S. is the only one of the 16 countries of the UN with fighting units in Korea who refuses to provide any type of assistance or citizenship for their soldiers' "oops-spring." The last resort is Prescott of the U.S. Diplomatic Corps. Enter one Mass. Blueblood to assist the pride of Maine; but Prescott is no help, either. He is a Blueblood, but he is conversant with the U.S. Code and the (then) current INS law. In other words, it is no soap and no sale. The baby brings out fierce maternal and paternal instincts in every member of the 4077 and they fight to do their best for the child. The 4077 fought the law and the law ...or the lack thereof, won.
A baby is abandoned at the 4077th and right away, the surgeons and staff become surrogate fathers and mothers. But an army surgical hospital is no place for a baby, so Hawkeye and B.J. appeal to the Army to try and send the baby to an orphanage. It was out of the question because the baby is half Korean, half American, and that is hated among full Koreans. Hawkeye, B.J., Colonel Potter and Charles try their best, but cannot have the baby adopted by Koreans and they cannot send the baby home to the states. Father Mulcahy, however, has an idea that might work...
968.	M*A*S*H (1972 TV Series)
Episode: The Price (1979)
When Cho Pak and his daughter, Sun, pick up the Colonel's laundry, Potter wants to do a physical on the ancient cavalry man, but Cho Pak refuses. Klinger tries to bribe Col. Potter into giving him a Section 8. A 16 year old Korean teenager, Ham, is on the run from the ROK; he is discovered in Hotlip's shower; this time, her bath towel is green. The Swamp Rats hide Ham; they approach "Hairy Mary" (Klinger), for a cute dress to disguise him. Col. Potter and Radar are frantic: Sophie is missing; her saddle is left in the empty paddock. ROK officers storm The Swamp looking for deserters. The next day, Sophie appears, ridden by Cho Pak, who is resplendent, if not ashen, in his old cavalry uniform. Ham tells the surgeons his grandfather used to tell him stories of the famous Korean Army Field Colonel, Cho Pak, the war hero who saved their village. There is conversation between Potter and Sun; afterwards, the two war heroes solemnly and respectfully bow to one other. Radar tells Col. Potter, "Colonel? Um, that's the best thing I ever saw anybody do, ever." Seeing Col. Cho Pak shames Ham and he takes action. Sun appears the next day with a gift for Col. Potter; but her words and kiss on his cheek are the unexpected treasure. Col. Potter borrows $10.00 of Klinger's "bribe money" to buy them both a drink at the O Club. Young men and "old war horses" alike can know the same truth: there is no price man can place on self-respect.
969.	M*A*S*H (1972 TV Series)
Episode: Requiem for a Lightweight (1972)
Hawkeye and Trapper engage in a couple of rounds of competitive flirting with Nurse Margie Cutler, which outrages Hotlips; typical of her earlier snits, Hotlips transfers Margie to another unit. The Captains take her case to Colonel Blake; unfortunately, Henry is more concerned with General Barker and his intramural boxing match than his surgeons' love lives. But, if one of the Captains competes with the General's protege, Henry will revoke Hotlips' order, returning Margie to the 4077th. Trapper had boxing experience in school and the crafty Hawkeye is a born manager, but the surgeons soon realize their best option is medicinal. Ugly John helps the derelict duo set up the ideal one-two punch, until Hotlips and Frank hit them below the belt. Sucker punch! Will "ether" fighter win the match? And, which Captain will win the affections of Nurse Cutler: the brawn or the brain?
970.	M*A*S*H (1972 TV Series)
Episode: Aid Station (1975)
"I" Company aid station sustained heavy shelling; 4077 are to provide trained personnel until replacements arrive. A surgeon was KIA, and they need a cutter, scrub nurse and a corpsman. Hotlips volunteers. The doctors draw sausages and Hawkeye is drafted; Fr. Mulcahy picks Klinger's card for corpsman duty. Everyone is scared to death; they cover with jokes. Grumpy calls Snow White to check in; the conditions are appalling. There is no roof and no running water; few of the walls are standing. Even Klinger gets "hands on" and Margaret is promoted to actual cutting. The trio works so hard, they each sleep happily on their mats. Back at the 4077, lonely Radar sleeps in Hawkeye's bunk; Henry drinks gin and frets. At the aid station, Margaret is jubilant: they did it! They made chaos orderly and achieved the 8th wonder. On the ride home, Hawkeye makes a sweet confession to Margaret. Klinger dons his best bonnet. Be it ever so much like an upholstered toilet, there's no place like home.
971.	M*A*S*H (1972 TV Series)
Episode: Of Moose and Men (1975)
Frank and Hawkeye race back to the 4077 after spending an entire night at the site of a bus meeting a land mine. Tired, cranky Hawkeye splashes dirt on an uppity Col. by accident. Sgt. Zale turns to BJ for marital advice when he receives a letter from his wife, Hillda, confessing to an infidelity. Colonel Spiker, who took such an instant dislike to Hawkeye, wants to go to the 121st Evac.; he refuses to have the able surgeon anywhere near him, but Col. Potter orders Hawkeye to operate. Frank is bomb-crazy and he harangues the locals who work at the 4077. Margaret finds Hawkeye sleeping in a cot next to his angry Colonel; she credits Hawkeye with doing his best work and for saving the Colonel's life. Potter repeats similar words to Col. Spiker. BJ learns another lesson about Korea: the "moose" tradition. When BJ finds Zale hoist by the petard of his own double standard, he urges Zale to sign a forgiving letter to his wife. Frank urges everyone to dig for hidden bombs.
972.	M*A*S*H (1972 TV Series)
Episode: Dear Sigmund (1976)
One of the favorite semi-regulars, healer, Dr. Sidney Freedman, (Allan Arbus) shows up to play poker and ends up staying two weeks at the 4077. Sidney is feeling blue. He writes a letter to a colleague describing his best therapy: a spa where the inmates have an interesting defense against carnage: insanity in the service of health. Sidney discusses his friends and colleagues and their quirks, seeming serenity, hang-ups, strange habits and/or libidinous behavior. During Sidney's visit, there is a secret practical joker in the 4077's midst: no one is too high or low in rank to be exempt. As psychiatrists, both Sidney and Sigmund treat unhealthy, hurt and angry minds; this is a strain on the healthiest of healers and they need an outlet. The 4077 is anger turned sideways and the place where Sidney can "take down his pants and slide down the ice." Also, Hawkeye takes a pilot 20,000 feet out of the clouds and shows him the up close and personal results of war on the ground as found in the O.R. Who is the mad practical joker and will his/her identity be discovered?
973.	M*A*S*H (1972 TV Series)
Episode: Dear Dad, Again (1973)
Hawkeye is bored and tired, the best time to pen another missive to his father. He describes Klinger's sheer white wedding gown, which does little to hide his white boxer shorts but is better than Hawkeye's naked dining fiasco. There is more fun to be had over Hotlips' recent tiff with Frank; he got drunk on gin and confided that his own brother used to call him Ferret Face. Radar is now a real, honest to goodness mail order graduate. But, Captain Casey, the new boy genius of their surgical team, is not really a doctor; Hawkeye's failure to throw the book at him causes Casey to reassess his career choices: and an R.C. priest named Schwartz is born. Henry conducts the doctors playing and Hotlips singing "My Blue Heaven" but no one is listening. Hotlips is really selling it, but it is hard to get the Army behind any color but olive drab,
974.	M*A*S*H (1972 TV Series)
Episode: Radar's Report (1973)
Every week, one of Radar's duties is to prepare the 4077 Weekly Report. This week, Radar highlights the Chinese POW who went berserk in the O.R. and held everyone at scalpel point, nearly killing Trapper's patient. Lt. Erika Johnson, the new nurse, tried to stop the POW. Corp. Klinger, the one who actually brought down the POW (and lost his very best brassiere in the process) is the big hero. But, Maj. Burns and Maj. Houlihan complained about Klinger; forcing Henry to request a divisional psychiatrist to evaluate Klinger. Enter Major Milton "Sidney" Freedman, psychiatrist and compatriot. Trapper's patient dies, and even he goes a little berserk as he watches the Chinese POW healing nicely. Henry calls it a slow week. Will Klinger sign a document professing to be a homosexual transvestite just to get a Section 8?
975.	M*A*S*H (1972 TV Series)
Episode: Last Laugh (1977)
Col. Potter gets a call stating the Provost Marshal is sending a Colonel to check up on BJ's credentials as a physician. Klinger wears Arab garb and drags an imaginary camel named Habibi in his quest for the elusive Section 8. Margaret demands time with Col. Potter: she must get to Tokyo to see Donald. The "general" turns out to be Leo Bardonaro, best man at BJ's wedding, and chronic prankster. Leo visits with the idea of having a drink and leaving, but BJ is an old campaigner. When a large pair of MPs visit the 4077 with an order to place BJ under arrest signed by Gen. Fred Fox, Col. Potter and Hawkeye hustle to defend him. If the hat fits, BJ is in big trouble. But since he lifted Leo's travel orders out of his pocket, at least he can try for the last laugh. Does Col. Potter really like a Major with hot lips?
976.	M*A*S*H (1972 TV Series)
Episode: Abyssinia, Henry (1975)
In one of the best remembered and most emotional episodes of the entire 11 year series, Radar has an announcement for Henry in O.R. Henry Blake has received his discharge: he is finally going home to Bloomington, Illinois, to his wife, Lorraine, and their children, the country club and his medical practice. The entire 4077 gang is thrilled for Henry and they wish him well; gifts are gotten, parties are thrown and all sorts of final memories are made. But, the entire gang is sad to be losing such an integral part of the 4077 gang. Radar, in particular, is losing the man who was a father to him. The final farewell formation is memorable; even Hawkeye and Trapper show up to tell their friend and leader a fond farewell. Some farewells are fonder than others. Klinger dresses to kill. As Henry starts to leave, Radar steadfastly holds his salute to his departing C.O. until Henry finally acknowledges him. Since the episode, "Ceasefire," Radar has grown into a young man; scrapbooks and jokes can no longer take the place of the honest affection and love he feels for Henry Blake. But, telling Radar goodbye makes it real for Henry: he is leaving his 4077 family for good. Henry's last glimpse of the 4077 is brief and his chopper disappears into the horizon. At the end of the episode, Radar has another announcement to make in the O.R. No one will ever be quite the same again.
977.	M*A*S*H (1972 TV Series)
Episode: I Hate a Mystery (1972)
Men of medicine, like the Swamp Rats, are supposed to excel at curing rashes. But, when the rashes are not itchy, red bumps but result in ill-gotten booty (or ill-booten gotty) found in Hawkeye's footlocker, the consequences can be serious. It is no laughing matter when your best friends think you could be a thief, when you are relentlessly pursued by a bush and a malicious P.A. system and needle-nose non-comms count the scalpels faster than you can wield them. Hawkeye is the past master of pranks and immature behavior; no one is really surprised. But, if Hawkeye is telling the truth and he is not playing a joke on the entire camp, then there must be a thief at the 4077. It will take some quick hands to beat Hotlips and her Court Martial forms...
978.	Pride & Prejudice (2005)
The story is based on Jane Austen's novel about five sisters - Jane, Elizabeth, Mary, Kitty and Lydia Bennet - in Georgian England. Their lives are turned upside down when a wealthy young man (Mr. Bingley) and his best friend (Mr. Darcy) arrive in their neighborhood.
In Georgian England, Mrs. Bennet raises her five daughters - Jane, Elizabeth, Mary, Kitty and Lydia with the purpose of getting married with a rich husband that can support the family. They are not from the upper class, and their house in Hertfordshire will be inherited by a distant cousin if Mr. Bennet dies. When the wealthy bachelor Mr. Bingley and his best friend Mr. Darcy arrive in town to spend the summer in a mansion nearby their property, the shy and beautiful Jane falls in love for Mr. Bingley, and Lizzie finds Mr. Darcy a snobbish and proud man, and she swears to loathe him forever. This is the beginning of their wonderful love story.
979.	Point Break (1991)
The film "Point Break" follows a rookie Los Angeles F.B.I. Special Agent Johnny Utah as he teams up with a hardened veteran Angelo Pappas to take down the best bank robbers in town, but the ethical lines get blurry for Detective Utah once he finds out his new surfing buddy Bodhi and his friends are actually the bank robbers Utah has been chasing.
980.	Hotel Transylvania 2 (2015)
Mavis and Johnny get married to each other and are happily living in Hotel Transylvania. Soon Mavis is pregnant and gives birth to the boy Dennis. When he is five years old, his fangs have not grown and Mavis thinks to move to California with Johnny and Dennis to give a chance to the boy to be raised among humans. Dracula asks Johnny to travel with Mavis to the house of his parents in California and convinces her to stay at the hotel. Meanwhile Dracula joins his friends Frank, Wayne, Griffin, Murray and Blobby the Blob and they travel with Dennis to a vampire camp to teach the boy to turn into a vampire so that Mavis and Johnny stay at the hotel. However neither the boy transforms nor his fangs grew. Meanwhile Mavis is delighted with the facilities in supermarket in California and she is sure that moving to California would be the best for her son. What will be Mavis' final decision?
981.	Futurama (1999 TV Series)
Episode: Space Pilot 3000 (1999)
On New Year's Eve 1999, Pizza Delivery boy Philip J. Fry accidentally falls into a cryogenic chamber and is frozen for 1,000 years. Finally unfrozen, he explores New New York, meets his new best friend (a kleptomaniacal robot named Bender) and goes to work for his great-great-great-great-grand-nephew's space delivery business.
982.	The Following (2013 TV Series)
Episode: Guilt (2013)
Joe Carroll gets two of his followers - both right-wing militia types who have received excellent military training - and Roderick to get his wife back to him. The FBI think their systems have been hacked and now want Claire Matthews to move to a new location. She refuses to do so without first speaking to Ryan who arrives just before Carroll's men attack. Ryan and Claire escape and make their way to the home of Ryan's best friend, Tyson, a former FBI agent who is now in the witness protection program. They prepare for battle. At the house meanwhile, Jacob is having some difficulty reconnecting with Emma. Joe asks him to make up with her and gives it another chance. H eventually lets her know just how he feels.
983.	The Following (2013 TV Series)
Episode: Reunion (2015)
Ryan finally visits Joe Carroll in prison to see if the death row prisoner will help him locate the missing Arthur Strauss. His price for helping him is regular visits from Ryan. He suggests that Strauss may have reached out to one of his former pupils for help. The FBI soon find themselves in Beacon, NY where there has been an abnormally high number of missing persons. The local sheriff isn't too welcoming but a deputy is more than happy to help them out. Strauss meanwhile is hiding out in a cabin in the woods waiting for the arrival of Theo, who he describes as his best pupil. Theo has a special surprise for him. In New York City, Max is recovering from her wounds and confides in Gwen.
984.	The Following (2013 TV Series)
Episode: Evermore (2015)
The day of Joe Carroll's execution has arrived but it's clear it's not going to be easy as he takes three people hostage in the hospital clinic. His only demand is quite simple: he wants Ryan Hardy to come to the prison. Ryan surrenders himself to him and Joe wants only one thing from him: to admit that he's right. Theo meanwhile does his best to use Joe's situation to his advantage.
985.	The Golden Girls (1985 TV Series)
Episode: The Competition (1985)
Rose wants to join a bowling tournament and she needs a partner. And Dorothy is the best bowler she knows. Blanche also wants to join and wants Dorothy to be her partner. Dorothy chooses not to play with either of them. But Rose signs up and puts Dorothy as her partner. She reluctantly agrees. A guy Sophia knows comes and wants Sophia to go with him to Sicily. She wants to go but she doesn't have the money so she hopes Dorothy will give it to her. But she doesn't want her to go alone. She then teams up with Blanche for the bowling tournament and bets that if she wins Dorothy should give her the money. But somehow Blanche ends up with Dorothy as a partner so Rose teams up with Sophia and they resort to all sorts of things to win.
986.	Versailles (2015 TV Series)
Episode: Laissez-moi sentir le soleil sur ma peau (2015)
Louis is woken in the early hours by Henriette, who is coughing up blood, claiming she has been poisoned and, despite Claudine's best efforts, she does not survive. Panic grips the court as it is believed there is an assassin in its midst with Philippe blaming his brother before leaving Versailles and Sophie a prime suspect given her mother's treason. Fabien provides evidence to suggest the identity of the traitor, who is killed in a fight with the king. However he realizes too late that there is another suspect, who has left the palace to take the Dauphin out riding.
987.	Rome (2005 TV Series)
Episode: Deus Impeditio Esuritori Nullus (No God Can Stop a Hungry Man) (2007)
The people of Rome are starving and there seems to be little anyone can do about it. Pullo is in charge of the Aventine now that Vorenus has accompanied Mark Antony to Egypt and he's doing his best to equitably distribute what little food he has available. He even visits Octavian who can't help him or any of his people. Octavian's biggest problem is that the people blame him for the food shortage and not Mark Antony who has withheld their grain shipments. He decides to send Atia and Octavia to Alexandria to plead with him but Antony - after several years living with Cleopatra - is drug-addled and infatuated with Egyptian queen and he refuses to see them. Just as Octavian had hoped. In Rome, Pullo is attacked by Memmio who he has been keeping caged, like an animal. Gaia comes to his rescue but is seriously wounded in the process. A deathbed confession as she lay dying does her no good however.
988.	Days of Our Lives (1965 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.9800 (2004)
After Sami refused to have Lucas arrested as an 'abuser', they finally acknowledge each-other as the best possible parenting partners, for Will's sake, and admit to being in love. Yet Lucas refuses to 'abuse her weakness' when she asks him to stay in her bed. Philip fights with his rival, Shawn, until Mimi is accidentally knocked down and Shawn thanks him for opening his eyes: he stays! In jail, Marlena is blamed by the other prisoners for the stabbing incident with a spoon, which she couldn't have made in her short time there, yet Bo insists on charging her for that as he has no proof for the serial killings given John's refusal to testify.
989.	Days of Our Lives (1965 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.9567 (2003)
Double-checked lab results prove that Marlena is not Rex's biological mother, so he and Mimi need some of Tony's blood, a fruit knife 'cuts it'. Cassie and her new boy-friend Christopher enjoy lip gloss, she promises the next step is worth waiting for. Jack and Jen's glamorous and nostalgic wedding on air in the Penthouse grill is a very public family affair. Even the Wentworths and Vern are there, best man Lucas's speech is a hit, Kate catches the bouquet. Bo tracks Vin's men from nice clerk Carlos's shop but is caught snooping at Del Rio and thrown out, ignoring Vin found his luggage and plans to kill him.
990.	Days of Our Lives (1965 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.11591 (2011)
Brady decides to go all the way to find out who is behind Arianna's killer, who is considered a terminal junkie, by offering Victor a sizable share in Titan for the information whom he sold the drug business to. Kust when Elvis is ready to tell Taylor the truth, blackmailer Nicole's arrival drives her away. Quinn overhears Justin tell Chloe he'll do his best for Parker and her but can't match Philip's resources, then offers her any help.
991.	Days of Our Lives (1965 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.9746 (2004)
Shawn takes Belle back to the circus to look for clues; he jumps down in Tarzan-style on a hooded roustabout after she screamed surprised, later she gets a real reason. Sami decides to 'prove we're normal parents' to Will by going on his camping trip with Lucas against the kid's will. He's surprised, but worried about their best behavior together in public, yet takes dad's word. Barely there, she screams murder about having to share a tent with Lucas, ironically a real snake is slithering in. Brady nor Victor are amused by Nicole's handcuffs-ploy, Henderson can't cut them off with pliers; she has plans with Jan and the key. While Victor is alone, the mansion electricity is cut by an intruder.
992.	Days of Our Lives (1965 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.10524 (2007)
E.J. visits Steve at the mental hospital. Max thanks Abby for all the extra help she has provided at the garage and then asks her out to eat. The two decide on the Penthouse Grill and Abby looks the number up in the phone book and circles it. At the Penthouse Grill, Max and Abby are just sitting down with Jed apologizes for his drunken behavior at the garage. Max invites Jed and Willow to have dinner with them but Jed picks up on Abby's hints and declines. Abby and Max discuss where this is a date or not and then Abby's Aunt Maggie walks in and Abby covers her face knowing that Maggie wouldn't approve of Max. Later, Abby makes a beeline for Jed asking him to join her and Max and he agrees. Maggie sees the three and assumes Abby and Jed are hitting it off. Chelsea can't stand being around her mother and Nick and packs her bag and takes off. Chelsea heads for the Penthouse Grill and Abby sees her walk in and excuses herself from the table to talk to her friend. They head to the bathroom where Chelsea attempts to fix herself up from all the crying she has done. Neither girl realizes Willow is in the room hiding in a bathroom stall. The girls leave after Abby convinces Chelsea to talk to her dad before running off. Willow comes out of the stall and sees that Chelsea left behind her hairbrush and swipes it. Elsewhere, Celeste is telling Sami that desperate measures are needed to protect her child if it is E.J.'s and that the best way is to kill E.J.
993.	Days of Our Lives (1965 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.12434 (2014)
Sami tells Eric that she and E.J. are back together. Eric isn't happy about the reunion but tells Sami that he will always love and support her as his sister. E.J. informs Nicole that he and Sami have gotten back together. Nicole finds their back and forth hilarious. The two end on good terms as they wish each other the best. JJ and Paige are getting hot and heavy when JJ puts on the brakes. Paige makes a suggestion of going somewhere to be alone but JJ turns her down. Ben and Abigail make love and discuss how to be together alone again.
994.	Days of Our Lives (1965 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.10604 (2007)
E.J. enjoys another talk with Stefano after announcing he's the father of Sami's twins, but later overhears him admitting to Tony his pro-Brady-peace-attitude throws doubt of his DiMera qualities. Philip discusses the future with Belle and delights her by arranging a car parts salesman job offer for Shawn with a company Titan discretely controls. They ignore Shawn meanwhile agrees to move in with his parents. .Lucas makes the best of living in the safe-house, frolicking with Sami whose yoga pregnancy exercises only excite him further, until the cop guards fear their noisiness could stem from danger. Roman admits he spent the night with Anna and may fall for her again.
995.	Days of Our Lives (1965 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.10132 (2005)
Chelsea enjoys Max courting her in the beach tent. Yet after a cider spill and sending him home for a sweater, the trickster lets Patrick believe he 'rescued her' from Max. Will is back from summer camp, happy to move back in with his parents and be best man at their wedding. Nicole feeds Kate more clues about Sami being Stan, but still prefers to blackmail Sami. Bart reminds Sami it's time to help Tony escape.
996.	Days of Our Lives (1965 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.12514 (2015)
Nicole downloads the files from Serena's computer as she takes a call in another room. Afterwards, Nicole tells Serena that she just wants what is best for Eric. Nicole leaves suddenly and Eric arrives, Serena tells him about her meeting with Nicole and that she thinks she is being genuine. Serena pulls up her computer and sees that Nicole had downloaded her files. Abigail visits Victor and asks him to hire Ben at the Club. Abigail tells Victor that Ben was fired from Club TBD for punching Chad but also tells Victor that Ben is Clyde's son. Victor tells Abigail that neither of those things will be a problem and if Ben wants a job at the new club that he should contact Rafe. Will ends up confiding in Kate that he cheated on Sonny. Later, Kate shows up at the apartment and tries to convince Sonny to take a loan from her. Damon leaves Clyde was dead in the park and reports back to Victor that the job is done.
997.	Days of Our Lives (1965 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.10202 (2005)
Lucas tries to gets close again with Carrie, without pressuring her to sell him High Style. Snooping in Austin's agenda, Sami discovers she's the one he still loves and dreams of getting him back, like when he believed Will his son, ignoring Carrie is back in the States. Kate panics when Claire needs a blood transfusion, but the fact Shanw and Belle match, not Philip, doesn't (yet?) raise paternity doubts. Max is great with the younger boys while Roman announces the search for Jack is called off after 30 times his best survival time estimation.
998.	Days of Our Lives (1965 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.12438 (2014)
John gathers everyone including Theresa and Roman to make his statement on what happened the night he was hit. Roman reads the statements from Brady and Theresa to John. Eric brings Caroline to see Sami. Caroline and Sami are able to come to an understanding and Caroline wishes Sami and E.J. the best. Will interviews Chad who is set on destroying his brother. Clyde goes against E.J.'s wishes and expands the territory that he is selling drugs.
999.	Days of Our Lives (1965 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.10147 (2005)
Only Stan's specter still seems able to threaten Lucas's wedding. But Tony's riddle "by arresting me you'll wreck a loved-one" rightly bugs Roman. Dr. North skilfully circumvented John's security to work on Marlena's sub-conscience in her sleep, wiping her dance-memories. She decides to stay with him, never mind Sami's wedding. Chelsea counts on a daring wardrobe, paid by grandma Kate, to win Patrick, and pointless, easily circumvented (step-)parental opposition is the best de-facto encouragement, she even contaminates Abbie. Only Billy still sympathizes with ma Kate.
1000.	Days of Our Lives (1965 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.11485 (2010)
Despite Rafe and Elvis's best efforts to work out a truce so Johnny get full parental support now his eye must amputated, the boy senses and furiously scolds their bickering and gets the terrifying news. Gus delivers to Vivian all the papers she needs to unleash her revenge over the 'crypt conspirators', so she assembles them in the Kiriakis mansion by sending e-mails in Victor's name, then announces they are now all minions, having bought a controlling portion of Titan shares.
1001.	Days of Our Lives (1965 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.12364 (2014)
Eve is surprised to learn that JJ is a Deveraux. Eve only half admits to knowing Jennifer and Jack from when she lived in Salem previously to Paige. Abigail tells Jennifer and JJ that she cannot attend the dinner because she has things to do for Sami's wedding. E.J. asks Will to be his best man. Kate fills Sami in on her plan to make it look like she wants Rafe and Jordan together when the truth comes out about whatever Jordan is hiding. Later, Kate overhears Rafe demanding to know when Jordan is keeping secret but Jordan refuses.
1002.	Days of Our Lives (1965 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.10025 (2005)
Shawn's dreams in bed with belle about making love again are broken off when his scolding parents burst in worried about his 'suicidal state' and angry. Stan counsels Chelsea how to get Patrick by making him break up. Meanwhile he tries to convince Abby he and her ma know best. .
1003.	Days of Our Lives (1965 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.11761 (2012)
Chad is intrigued when Stefano invites him to the mansion, surprised to be shown the old's best coffee beans and offered all kinds of help such as contact to set up the coffee house, yet refuses his father as silent partner. Kate is excited about the test photo-shoot and orders Sami to sign up Chad and Gabi as youthful faces of the new Countess Wilhemina line, oblivious that her right hand is in fact Madison's double agent.
1004.	Days of Our Lives (1965 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.7251 (1994)
Billie refuses to accept Kate as her mother, and is devastated that she and Bo are not allowed to see each other. Austin does his best to reassure his sister. Alan tries to convince Lucas to help him break up Carrie and Austin, but Lucas is more interesting in arguing with Carrie about Billie and Austin. Kate nearly hits Bill with her car, and the two talk about their past. She hopes to one day tell Lucas the truth, but says not now.
1005.	Days of Our Lives (1965 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.9465 (2002)
While butler Harrison rushes preparations for Nicole's wedding, Kate tries to stop Victor, thinking it's his morbid double wedding present, while he actually orders Nico to save Nicole by finding out the dirt about Colin. Sami hears Brandon question Nicole, who shouts her off and demands the check back, but he promises to 'take care' of her and Murphy. Toni and the twins hug in Christmas family bliss, yet he longs with a smile for Marlena, then explains not only love, like fits their good nature, but also negative feelings bind people. Larry calls Colin, repeating he must kill Bo before Newyear or will wish he were dead himself. Roman admits to Bo he and Kate are getting serious and suggest to shift the investigation from her to Colin, next warns Victor to harm Sami nor Kate. Sami insists Tony stops Colin eliminating Jack, but is scared off by the scandal- Tony is fed up with Colin's willfulness. Marlena worries to see John at his mother Daphne DiMera's grave, then Toni appears, admitting also to have found out they are half-brothers; startled, Marlena hears John accuse Tony of trying to steal her. At Dotcom, Shawn asks Bo to investigate the cabin intrusion, then resumes enjoying Belle's company; Cassie panics when she thinks to hear them talk about marrying each-other that night, but once set straight the twins are invited to join Victor's wedding. Cursing, Nicole buys the video back from Colin. Bo accepts to be Victor's best man.
1006.	Days of Our Lives (1965 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.9566 (2003)
Philip finds out how even Henderson is not allowed to unlock Nicole's door, so he kicks it in before Nico comes to get her to attend the wedding. Jen's pa's third gift turns out to be a surprise guest: her ma Laura attends the wedding. Best man Lucas can't be bothered with ma Kate's objections to any DiMera employer and is surprised how categorically Victor rejects Tony bidding on a specific property. When Philip hears Chloe would turn down Cecilia's opera company to remain together with her loved-ones, he convinces Brady to offer to come with her to Europe.
1007.	Days of Our Lives (1965 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.11221 (2009)
Nathan catches Melanie kissing Philip again, dismisses their excuses and dumps her, confiding in secretly relieved Stephanie it's probably for the best. Lucas is back, rehab-dismissed, to Will's delight, while Daniel blindly defends rueful Chloe against his sharp blame. Rafe's FBI-contacts trace Nicole's call to Cleveland after all.
1008.	Days of Our Lives (1965 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.11126 (2009)
Exercising to vent their romantic frustrations, Philip and Daniel meet and commiserate. Philip seems to enjoy a rather luxurious hospital-related business date. Nathan comforts obviously jealous Stephanie and finds Melanie surprisingly accommodating when he has to delay and interrupt their pub date, being on hospital call. Rafe gets the surprise visit from Roman he and Sami dreaded, but to their delight gets his blessing as best candidate ever to 'love Sami the way she needs'. Before Rafe can tell Sami at a picnic, she has met surviving sister Meredith Hudson at Emily's grave, but learned nothing more about her traumatizing death. Kate hastily completes her poisoning plan now Daniel is leaving Salem, but while leaving the hospital he bumps into Chloe, who admits being unable to forget him and announces she's leaving Lucas for him.
1009.	Days of Our Lives (1965 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.11440 (2010)
Elvis has a short semi-relapse when bugged by Kate again about suspecting Will, scaring off Arianna for the time being, expected by kid sister Gabi anyhow. While Victor grows more anxious about Brady 'hosting' Nicole, Gus returns to Salem and forces the mausoleum's lock to get in. While Rafe and Sami enjoy quasi-marital life, which he claims to prefer to FBI work, Daniel senses and probes his bride's remaining unease. Despite Philip's efforts to assure Melanie her silence is for the best, she bitterly wails about Carly having destroyed her recently-found family-feeling forever and bitterly scolds her no longer welcome.
1010.	Days of Our Lives (1965 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.10074 (2005)
Salem eagerly looks for the return of 'all the hostages', but a chaplain is trying to reach Belle about Philip. Brady and Nicole are preoccupied with Chloe and the infection-guilty nurse, Sami with her guilt as Stan. Rex asks Lucas as his best man. The boys get a hero-ed welcome, but their families are disappointed Philip isn't among them.
1011.	Days of Our Lives (1965 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.10302 (2006)
Mimi panics when Shawn reaches for Mimi's letter, manages to 'read it to him' but he notices it's still closed. She convinces him that she knows it by heart and then burns it. Philip makes love to Belle after she suggested she wanted a second child. Both men treat their girls to Green Mountain Lodge holidays. Lucas and Carrie's offer for Austin and Sami to be their best man viz. bridesmaid are accepted. People speculate why Lexie aborted her announcement in hospital. Roman prevents John shooting Alex at the start of his honeymoon.
1012.	Days of Our Lives (1965 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.11530 (2011)
Vivian is delighted to hear that Brady took the company out from under Victor. Sami gets a call from Lucas asking that Allie come to visit him in Hong Kong. Impostor Rafe tries to have Allie kidnapped by Sami interrupts with the news from Lucas. Chad agrees to be E.J.'s best man. E.J. and Taylor just miss meeting again.
Fake Rafe eagerly sets up bothersome brat Allie's abduction from the park by Stefano's goon, but the plan falls trough as Lucas already called Sami to have his daughter flown to Hong Kong as Kate demanded on Elvis's mystifying urging. As Johnny asks Chad to take him to Nicole's wedding and Will suggests the boy needs a DiMera inside 'protector', Chad decides to accept being EJ's best man. Stefano and Elvis agree to speed up phase 2 op operation rid of Rafe while their doctor patches up the real one. Brady isn't amused that Vivien applauds him having outwitted Victor as well as herself. Chloe senses that Melanie wants to abuse her postnatal depression to take Parker away and dumps her medication.
1013.	Days of Our Lives (1965 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.7003 (1993)
Billie finds out that her newly acquired cosmetic company is a dump co-owned by scientist Charles Van Dieter. She tries to make the best of it, and wants to make money from his anti-wrinkle creme. Meanwhile, Jonah finds out that Wendy has disappeared from the hospital after receiving bills for her treatment there. Abe considers moving from Salem, because he believes it's the reason why Lexie won't have children. Bo protects Billie by following Cash, and finds out that he is illegally owning a gun, after which he arrests him. Yet again, Jack arranges a romantic evening. Jonah finds Wendy's baby in front of his apartment.
1014.	Days of Our Lives (1965 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.9420 (2002)
John wants Marlena to find out if the twins are normal and have a spy-good look around in the mansion, and he even throws in top-notch surveillance equipment. Roman advises Bo to test Billy's probably valuable help, as that's also the best way to find out in case she's involved. Lucas misses his kid Will who's finally returning with Sammy from Colorado, but his mother Kate sees that as an opportunity to deal with her enemies; Billie drops by and tells Lucas Kate is seeing Roman, but she denies any romantic interest in him and they all they reminisce about the bad old days. Victor is even more determined then Nicole to go on with their wedding preparations and assures her the 'wedding gift plot' will condemn Sammy and Kate to each-other forever. Hope suggests to kidnapper Larry, a lawyer, to let Zach go as he is too much trouble, hoping she can then take risks herself, but he laughs the idea away. Billie acts offended Bo and Roman no longer want her to help looking for Hope and Zach. Abe warns Lexie about holding back useful information to find and bring Isaac/Zach back to safety, even if that's with Bo and Hope, but she's too scared and tries to beat something out of Bart and wonders if Rolf is setting her up or trying to tell her something. Abe first pulls rank on Bo for incriminating Lexie, then they make up.
1015.	Days of Our Lives (1965 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.9908 (2004)
Tender fiance Rex still doesn't know, but Mimi has a nightmare about him finding out and dumping her as child-murderer. Will is delighted to become Lucas's best man. Now she gets her dream-wedding for free, trust Sami to wine about the happy love - and family years she stupidly wasted. Tony still doubts Patrick's loyalty. Sneaking past security lasers, Brady survives Nicole's clumsiness, ignoring a secret helper. Lucas takes her on a fake 'prom' date. Jan blackmails Mimi not to discourage Shawn and Belle's break-up now she has abortion evidence.
1016.	Days of Our Lives (1965 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.10784 (2008)
Philip is dismayed when Marlena warns him John is planning a pointless shipping war with Titan, bribing Salem customs chief Paul Hollingsworth, and John confirms he wants to outclass Stefano as DiMera CEO. Dr. Jonas ignores the Brady clan's impertinent havoc on account of him scolding Chelsea for being drunk just when she may save Bo's life, later explains adrenaline is the best way to speed up sobering without drugs which aren't compatible with surgery just afterward. When Bo passes out, Hope blatantly reverts his non-consent to a transplant from his daughter.
1017.	Days of Our Lives (1965 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.9475 (2003)
Bradys and Blacks gather at Colin Murphy's wake, but do more badmouthing then mourning, as Belle points out uncomfortably while worrying about Shawn's silence, as he and Hope do about each-other's. When the twins find the DiMera family bible, Tony is relieved it's not Stephano's secret diary and insists the present, which they are, builds on the past, when John ruined several DiMera lives, but insists they should make the best of their own. Hope has another Larry-apparition, the real one watches outside, planning true grief for them; Marlena and Bo try to get her in therapy, she lies even to Shawn about overhearing Colin planning to shoot Bo. Brady can't stop Chloe worrying about her possible cancer-relapse. Shawn Sr rages at Tony DiMera who turns up with the twins (as Cassie couldn't wait to see Shawn), thinking Tony murdered Colin, so the old fool is told about John being his sibling and gets himself worked up to a heart-attack.
1018.	Days of Our Lives (1965 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.10513 (2007)
To Philip's horror, captain Kendrick confirms chief officer Stratton's decision to stops the search for Claire, Shawn and Belle after one hour once a life raft is found, ripped-up as by a shark and blood-smeared. Willow tries to get back in his good books in chief of 'Shan's brat'. Dr. Alan Reibert treats Chelsea to dinner at Chez Rouge, courting her with wine-tasting. Jealous has them thrown out because she's drinking underage, but that only drives her deeper in his sly boss's arms, barking his best trump is not being (like) Nick. In fact the refugees have washed on an island, only Claire has a cut. As instructed by E.J. under tarot card-spell, Steve sneaks into the hospital to wheel out comatose John.
1019.	Days of Our Lives (1965 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.11396 (2010)
Elvis gets Sami to agree to settling a date, but not a shotgun wedding, it has to be planned and grand, celebrated by father Matt in St.Mary's. Stfeano cheerfully-sanctimoniously pops the best champagne, Kate manages with more effort to control a gagging reflex to a rerun of the worst (step)daughter in law she can imagine. After a refreshing dive, Brady waves Victor's concerned warning about Nicole, yet doubts her latest story, to have obtained her Caymans fortune as 'exposure' bait' from a corrupt contractor. Rafe finally found and decoded the evidence copy Nicole hid in Fay's locker, but is running out of time to prevent Elvis's wedding. Hidden at Daniel's, Stephanie overhears Philip and Chloe discuss their adultery ad paternity test anguish. Daniel agrees to Melanie's plan to apply for a nursing job at St. Mary's.
1020.	Days of Our Lives (1965 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.11077 (2009)
Rafe and Sami enjoy finishing their 'best ever first date' at home, until she freaks about Grace having another temperature, but Rafe proves himself a childcare miracle worker. At the docks, Victor promises Elvis to bring him to his father, but has goons manhandle him all the way to what seems a dungeon. Despite Stefanie's arrogant meddling attempt, Philip treats her to a surprise dinner, thanks to Owen, and the question. While bickering over a bribe from Nicole, Dr. baker makes a bad fall, survives but may have incurred amnesia.
1021.	Days of Our Lives (1965 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.10827 (2008)
Elvis, amused by Sami's jealousy, tells horny Nicole in the gym's steam-room he's spoken for. Sami's claim not to love him doesn't convince Rolf, who informs her Elvis is trying to get Lucas in the overburdened jail system's early release program. She ends up accepting his shoulder to cry on. Max assures Stephanie he understands her inopportune candidness and convinces her only to have acted in 'distracted professor' Nick's presumed career interest, yet fears it may cost him his best friend. A confession from Angelo concerning her mother's death, Ava's treason to father Martino and trigger-happy Bo result in the godfather's fatal shooting.
1022.	Days of Our Lives (1965 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.9430 (2002)
The results of pregnant Nancy's amnio-test impress Craig, who refuses Colin's offer to tell her and Chloe- he tells them and Brady she's in perfect health and an ideal match for Chloe, but afterward asks gynecologist Dr. Bader for details. Rolf ('professor Putnam') advises the twins, who can't concentrate on their genetics studies anyway, to take a break and join Shawn, who is still worried sick about Hope; Bart happily reports their arrival, and indeed they strongly reject any suggestion their DiMera benefactors could be involved in anything bad like Stefano; Shawn practically throws them out, to Bart's horror they run away from the car and deliberate whether to stay at the mansion. Hope worries after seeing Billie talking with Larry, who actually concludes his unreliable police plant is probably best killed, then tells Hope she is officially dead. Cameron uses a restraining order to keep Bo away from Lexie; Roman has to keep him back, then grills Billie about her whereabouts, sending Mark off for coffee and obstinacy to participate in the investigation, formally telling her off. Philip is furious and happy, after seeing Brady and Chloe kiss wile planning to celebrate privately, and hearing from Nancy why.
1023.	Days of Our Lives (1965 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.9938 (2004)
Shawn's nasty mood brings Rex to admit to Philip and Belle that they may be a better couple, he's invited and agrees to be his best man. Patrick remains the rock of strength, yet is mistrusted by Bo but helps him trying to stop Billie leaving for London, as Tony's disk indicates that she is carrying Bo's child. The hallucinogen elaborates John's death vision.
1024.	Days of Our Lives (1965 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.11531 (2011)
Even on his wedding day, Elvis dreams of Taylor and vice versa, without realizing their link is bride Nicole, who admits to her sister she unexpectedly went in full romantic loving mode all over. EJ instructs goon Ted to look for Taylor, albeit solely based on a rather vague description, but Stefano sends him to guard Rafe, after taunting him efficiently over Allie's supposed abduction. Stefano is delighted that Chad accepted being EJ's best man. Philips acts most protective of Parker and Chloe, notably against Kate.
1025.	Days of Our Lives (1965 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.10119 (2005)
Patrick points out to Billie that Max, being adopted, cannot be trusted 'as ad Brady'. Philip has more success recalling Mimi's teenage love for Shawn then he holding true love Belle to her eternal commitment. Tony and Bart enjoy telling handcuffed Victor the whole Horton clan's grievous end is near. Learning about Hope's abduction, Patrick insists to come with Billie. Roman denies being in love with Marlena to desperate Kate. Dr. North makes his theory acceptable it's healthy for her to cling to him 'for now' as only known reliable person and is best moved to a cabin for them alone.
1026.	Days of Our Lives (1965 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.10227 (2006)
Lucas and Sami dream of making passionate love with Carrie viz. Austin. The sleepwalks into Lucas's bed. He wakes up, disgusted, having made love to his bride from hell, but after a scolding match they kiss again. In hospital, the option to transplant Zach's lever into Claire arouses mixed feelings, but Shawn's blessing seals the obviously best choice. Even before the rookies disclose it was her car, Chelsea starts guessing she could have been the driver who killed Zach. Kate still holds off Victor telling Shawn is Claire's dad.
1027.	Days of Our Lives (1965 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.11488 (2010)
Cosily in bed, Philip and Melanie almost enjoy 'hiding' for Vivian, until they here broadcast the startling news that Bo broke Hope out of jail. Stefano snaps at Nicole's presence at Johhny's sickbed, but Elvis puts to him that the alternative mother figure is the best way to eliminate Sami. She informs Brady that Vivian is about to expose them to EJ. Rafe finds the warden unwilling to help him find Bo, Carly unable.
1028.	Days of Our Lives (1965 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.9467 (2003)
Sore losers are lining up to stop Dr. Colin Murphy make them pay for their sins, others to protect them or settle a grudge of their own. Victor enters while Nicole reads a note from Colin: he still has a copy and will be demanding more payments after her wedding. Sami is there with the gun. Apart from Belle and love-birds Brady-Chloe most guests keep wondering off, but Victor insists to have Nicole found and go on. Colin just can't get a good shot at Bo, but notices something in the bushes. Shawn staggers back in just after the yes, totally unsettled but now best man Bo rushes off looking for Hope. Victor tells Nicole errors like forgetting her veil, as Faye noticed, won't be tolerated anymore. Sam returns the gun to Roman's, mumbling she did it 'for us, Brandon'. Belle screams...
1029.	Days of Our Lives (1965 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.12122 (2013)
Stefano promises revenge on E.J. for taking away DiMera Enterprises and the mansion. Theresa introduces herself as Jennifer's new assistant which leaves Jennifer confused until Kayla arrives and introduces Theresa as Shane and Kimberly's daughter, Jeannie who is now using her middle name. Jennifer agrees to hire Theresa as she promised. Kayla warns Theresa to be on her best behavior because this could be her last chance. Later, Theresa skips her HR appointment to head over to Jennifer's to score some drugs from JJ. Eric has another attack while talking to Sami. Kristen expresses worry to Dr. Chyka about the drug showing up in the blood test Daniel took on Eric.
1030.	Days of Our Lives (1965 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.11734 (2011)
Brady not only takes Madison back but delights her by recreating their romantic first night during the blizzard. Daniel tells indecisive Jen he'll never be able to compete with her intimate past with Jack, so it's best he moves on. John is delighted when Markena brings him a picnic basket in jail, yet most hostile to her 'helping' Rafe's investigation by testing Stefano.
1031.	Days of Our Lives (1965 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.10825 (2008)
Max's careful efforts to keep quiet that he turned in a restored, according to him not significantly revised version of Nick's research project, before the deadline, are frustrated by Stephanie. Nick bitterly walks out on his former (?) best friend, who refuses to explain why he ripped out one page earlier. Elvis enjoys being there for desperately lashing-out Sami, whose attempt to see Lucas only results in a new exhortation to resume her life without him. Roman's camp considers how if at all to use Ava's apparent suspicion of her father to take on the Vitali family mob, while she works Angelo was instructed to keep her occupied, not why. A mystery man gets Steve at gun-point.
1032.	Days of Our Lives (1965 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.9636 (2003)
In order to keep an eye on Shawn, Rex has arranged he will be his ex-best bud's room-mate, who greatly enjoys breakfast with Belle in her loft but doesn't know yet. Tony is confused it's not just about Rex's privacy, but isn't told his secret. While Sami gets visits in her filing basement from cockroaches, Roman plus his ma Caroline and Tony, who promises he'll improve her situation once he gets a foot in Basic Black, refused by his haughty brother, Kate agrees to assign her as assistant to sister and rising designer Belle, who is most encouraging despite another mindless outburst from the untamed shrew, who next overhears her future isn't bright yet. Shawn nearly gets a fit when he sees intended roomie Ryan's subtenant move in and starts a fist-fight. Jack can't believe Jen wants him to chicken out of his investigation.
1033.	Days of Our Lives (1965 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.10283 (2006)
Patrick still takes care of Hope excellently and asks again, unselfishly, if she really wants to save her marriage. Shawn and mates are shocked to hear from Roman that TEK, as Salem's best sniper cop, has orders to shoot TEK if he sees an attempt on groom Alex's life. Mimi questions Belle for having turned to Shawn rather then marine-husband Philip. Kate is trying to rekindle Marlena's memory again, Alex to get her to the altar. Frankie and Billie find Chelsea won't plea guilty for a lenient sentence, hoping to be acquitted if Hope stays away.
1034.	Days of Our Lives (1965 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.11029 (2009)
After taking full blame for his relapse in alcohol, while she assures it's her fault, Lucas gets Will to accept being his best man, but that fails to lessen his hostility to the bride, whom he openly blames for his father's pitiful state. Elvis visits Sami, allegedly to deliver Johhny's favorite cuddly penguin, but Nicole fears her own rival. Uterings in that direction delight Sami, but not as much as a surprise visit from Rafe. max warns Chelsea, in vain, against imposing her nosy self to Daniel, who rather leaves as he came to drink and forget his heart-ache.
1035.	Days of Our Lives (1965 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.11528 (2011)
Chad gives Will the ripped picture of Allie he found in the park. Sami freaks out when Will shows her the picture. Impostor Rafe beats up Rafe because he knows Rafe dropped the picture when he escaped. Lexie asks E.J. to reach out to Chad and E.J. asks him to be his best man. Jennifer plans a dinner for Carly and Daniel.
Fake Rafe asks Marco five minutes to teach the already ailing real one a black and blue lesson, until Elvis arrives and firmly stops the beating. When Will passes on the ripped photograph of Allie which Chad found to Sami, her paranoia awakes, but fake Rafe appeases it, yet a nosy neighbor reports a man being dragged away, so fake Rafe pretends he checked with Salem PD it was just a domestic brawl, and Gabi notices her big brother still isn't himself. Chad is surprised and considers an offer from EJ, who claims Jonny's surgery reinvigorated his family sense, to be his best man.
1036.	Days of Our Lives (1965 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.11402 (2010)
At Elvis's wedding, Roman turns up with handcuffs to arrest Sami just to stop her stupid plan, but is talked over by her claim both have changed and its' best for the kids. Rafe must rush when Will inform her trough Gabi, leaving Nicole an opportunity to try a second run, even now she met her witness protection FBI handler Lou Cooper. Hacker Ian finds that Daniel isn't Chloe's baby's father and lets Steffy convince him to falsify the result, but by then someone else already did, just after Philip and Daniel each instructed something by Phone, after the birthday party.
1037.	Days of Our Lives (1965 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.12397 (2014)
Daniel informs Kristen that he didn't just pick any van but one that is headed straight for Salem and when they arrive they are heading straight for the Salem Police Department. Theresa warns Eve to stay away from Brady when she sees Eve talking to Brady at the hospital. Eve tells Theresa that she better watch it or Eve might reveal that Theresa knows more about the night John was injured. Paige lets JJ know that she has officially deferred her enrollment to Stanford. JJ cannot help but be excited that Paige will be sticking around Salem. Hope returns from vacation and Kayla asks her about Aiden. Hope deflects and tells Kayla that she still loves Bo. Kayla tells Hope that she needs to do what is best for her. Aiden asks Jennifer out on a friendly platonic date. Adrienne expresses concerns about JJ dating Paige to both Jennifer and JJ. Marlena sits by John's bedside when she turns her back to leave a tear drop escapes his eye.
1038.	Days of Our Lives (1965 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.10618 (2007)
E.J. visits Andre in hospital, expecting to be rid of the unmasked fake Tony, but Stefano arrives and declares it was all his doing and Elvis is the disgraced son. So he braves rather inhospitable Lucas who refuses another safe-house but accepts to move in with Roman himself for protection. Tony meanwhile promises Andre he will exact revenge. Jeremy tries his best when Nick arrives, but the head wound makes him collapse. Meanwhile Chelsea and Jett ponder sincerity in the hot-tub.
1039.	Days of Our Lives (1965 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.5401 (1987)
Victor offers to hire the best lawyer in the country for Kimberly, but the Brady's aren't interested. Steve is upset that Adrienne is staying with Kayla. Mike celebrates that he is now proposed to Robin. Melissa's divorce comes through, but she's not ready to date Lars yet.
1040.	Days of Our Lives (1965 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.11498 (2011)
Gus soon squashes Vivian's cocky taste for vengeance by pointing out they're stuck on a desert jungle island. Brady cheerfully informs Kate the plan worked, yet refuses to blame Chloe. Philip bitterly scolds Chloe's liar part in the paternity disaster, yet agrees keeping Nathan in the dark is best to keep some shot at winning Melanie back, ignoring Nathan happens to overhear them outside and secretly searches his bride's smart-phone history. Desperate for a transplant kidney for a Philippino patient, Dr. Walters convinces the warden to sell one, as Lee points out they may need cash is Rafe brings out the truth.
1041.	Days of Our Lives (1965 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.11228 (2009)
Elvis has doubts about Sami's eagerness to push Stefano fast, but Rafe agrees it's their best option to find out if he knows Sydney whereabouts. Stefano insists he wants the best for his offspring, but slips out he'll prevent her from getting the baby ever again. Visiting Nicole in jail, last friend Chloe can only say there's no news yet. Justin hopes to prevent Carly being hired in Salem hospital, but Daniel remembers her as capable friend of his late wife and insists to endorse her application.
1042.	Days of Our Lives (1965 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.9450 (2002)
Brandon refuses to see Sami. Kate and Roman seem still close the morning after, but are seen kissing by irate Sami. Nicole refuses to spend a few days away with Victor who would settle for a wedding date: New Year's Eve. Back home, Brady and Chloe tell about their break-up at their surprise visits to Marlena, who encourages him, viz. Philip, who is told not to get his hopes up. Craig keeps trying to convince Nancy that she and the baby will get trough; a visit from Chloe proves the best medicine for her.
1043.	Days of Our Lives (1965 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.10331 (2006)
E.J. promises Sami he'll reconsider the proposal to work for Reed & Co. Kate decides that she must get them to collaborate in order to make Austin's engagement unravel. Kate manages to convince him, despite Sami's instinctive opposition, the best way is a joint offer to engage him for Reed and Basic Black. Belle overhears Mimi reminiscing, telling Shawn she was always jealous of Belle, especially over Shawn. Chelsea manages to manipulate Hope into believing that Bo only tried to make up for her trial's sake, so their marriage will brake up for good.
1044.	Days of Our Lives (1965 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.11647 (2011)
Elvis urges kid brother Chad to leave the family while he can, to Stefano's fury. The Kiriakis and Brady clans wait mournfully anxious in hospital, only Rafe gets out, as Roman hands him the investigation. Rafe scolding Will, found with a condom, forces the knave to tap-dance between overt-protective big brother and charmed lover, who takes it as their first love declaration. Despite Daniel's best efforts, flat-lining Maggie is declared clinically dead.
1045.	Days of Our Lives (1965 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.10304 (2006)
Austin, Lucas and Tek try desperately to escape anonymously with their handcuffed dance partners from a police drug bust at the night club which could hurt their jobs, marriages and offspring. That brings the three couples to kiss again, further undermining their present relationships. Having overheard Frankie calls a Justice contact about Patrick, Jen calls Hope, who firmly defends their savior. Chelsea dodges Frankei's moral pressure and gets him to admit as counsel that keeping Hope at distance is best for her court case.
1046.	Days of Our Lives (1965 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.11571 (2011)
After confronting Chloe with her drinking, abuse and threat to Kate to leave with baby Parker, Philip resolves as a good father to give his son the best future by moving out of Salem, after which Victor swiftly throws the 'contagious pest' out of the Kiriakis mansion. A masked intruder waiting in Melanie's apartment overpowers her despite mace, but is knocked down when Dario storms in; his face is familiar to her. A limousine car crash leaves Elvis and Taylor locked in together, unable to resist kissing after he admits he can't control his love and lust.
1047.	Days of Our Lives (1965 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.10981 (2008)
Philip's mod cheers up when he takes Stephanie to the Titan Christmas party. Victor however spoils everything by demanding at pain of dismissal he announces Brady's appointment as vice CEO, a new job which even Brady is shocked to find out was offered to him behind his new boss's back. Max takes pity on his 'poor lonely' sister if Mel promises to be on best behavior at the Brady Christmas party. Unlike simply wondering Lucas, Kate, whose promising test results suggest a release by Christmas, preys why Daniel and Chloe are so uncomfortable around each-other.
1048.	Days of Our Lives (1965 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.10732 (2008)
Elvis becomes suspicious about the noisy, contained 'house guest' while visiting Stefano, who won't make up without filial submission, let alone spare Lucas, who is already hailed with a goon recruited to eliminate him. Philip motivates him to plead not guilty, promising the best legal help, albeit with his own hidden agenda. Roman reports to Marlena about the picture Crystal indicated to be John's mother, containing Celtic jewelry, while speculating she might be part of a DiMera plot. Shawn is determined to get a grip on his life, starting with a divorce, which Marlena still considers avoidable.
1049.	Days of Our Lives (1965 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.10561 (2007)
E.J. keeps terrifying and confusing Sami, who nevertheless believes he still cares for the baby. Lucas firmly sides with her, while pushing she should confess the secret between them. Kate succeeds with an obvious ploy to search Abe's place and finds the dated picture of Sami in E.J.'s car during the accident night. Nick has paid Willow's bail and visits her to discuss a responsible course of action given her pregnancy. Chelsea admits to rebuking friends she does appreciate Nick as best thing ever to happen to her and claims she pushed him away for his own sake.
1050.	Days of Our Lives (1965 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.9459 (2002)
Christmas Eve. Brady's late mother appears again to make him open a box of memories and regain faith in Christmas and miracles. Craig and Chloe pray at Nancy's sick-bed she may be home for Christmas, then Chloe and Brady in chapel. Nicole demands the best and most expensive of everything from her wedding planner, then leaves grumbling Victor pretending 'urgent girl stuff for the wedding' after a call from Colin. Kate accompanies Billy to the lie-detector test with Roman and Abe, which she passes; hostage-memories make Hope repulse and hug Bo, then claim after hearing Billie will probably be reinstated she will commit another murder attempt. Brandon watches Dr. Bader hand the test results to Lexie; Colin reminds cousin Sami she owes him any favor for keeping her doctoring of the paternity test silent. Belle tells Mimi, who won't see Kevin for Christmas but gets hot on Rex, Shawn didn't get to actually 'do it' because of the sprinkler (which Cassie set off) but still feels assured he's the love of her life. Philip quits his job at Dotcom, thanks the girls but says he may be quiting college, Salem and Columbia, without Chloe in his life, and phones his parents to talk at the mansion- and there announces he just enlisted as US Marine. Colin shows Nicole his $5,000,000 home video starring them both, naked in his bed.
1051.	Days of Our Lives (1965 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.12159 (2013)
Sami makes a deal with Melinda for a shorter sentence that will be even shorter if she can get information on Stefano. Brady surprises Kristen with a Hawaiian getaway in the park and a new engagement ring. Eric informs Father Matt about his dream. Daniel shows Jennifer the birth certificate and tells her he understands that she has to do what is best for JJ. Abigail confronts Cameron and he makes up an excuse that he is really busy and will not be able to see her anymore.
1052.	Days of Our Lives (1965 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.11346 (2010)
Elvis assumes jailed Ariana's defense, however dismaying to Brady. Insisting her best bid to get out quick is an alibi for one mugging, he learns that Nicole can provide one for Justin's case and guesses he must have a hidden agenda. Learning Daniel plans to wed Chloe the next day, Carly gives her an ultimatum to owe up her infidelity, but the bride convinces Daniel instead to go marry somewhere else that very evening.
1053.	Days of Our Lives (1965 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.11621 (2011)
The Fourth of July festivities get rained out in Salem, and everyone gathers into Brady's Pub where various residents imagine parodies of Best Picture nominees. Bo and Abigail feature in a parody of qv##tt1403865##. Maggie and Hope skewer qv##tt0947798##. Chad is the star of his own wacky version of qv##tt1285016##. E.J. and Nicole knock qv##tt1504320##. Brady and Nicole K-O _The Fighter (2010)_.
1054.	Days of Our Lives (1965 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.10782 (2008)
The Brady clan continues its sometimes hysteric speculation and empty 'positive thinking', extending to a most unprofessional attitude from the emotive, unqualified doctors Kayla and Lexie. Nevertheless Dr. Jonas, who demands the four best interns to assist with both pancreas donor - and recipient's surgery, manages to calm and coach them enough to complete the selection from tested relatives, which luckily yields one match. Ava's beastly attitude exhausts the patience of her gentle goon guards Eddie and George, who call in her therapist Dr. Neusbaum.
1055.	Fuller House (2016 TV Series)
Fuller House is a spin-off series based on the hit ABC family sitcom Full House (1987-95) created and executive produced by Jeff Franklin for Netflix. D.J. Tanner-Fuller (Candace Cameron-Bure) is a recently widowed mom to a 13-year-old named Jackson (Michael Campion), 7-year-old named Max (Elias Harger), and a newborn son named Tommy (Fox and Dashiell Messitt). After realizing she is unable to cope with the demands of holding a full time job as a veterinarian in addition to raising three kids, her sister Stephanie (Jodie Sweetin) and childhood best friend Kimmy (Andrea Barber), who is also the mother of a 13-year-old daughter (Soni Bringas), offer to move in to bring up her children.
1056.	Saved by the Bell (1989 TV Series)
Episode: Masquerade Ball (1992)
Zack and Slater make a bet about who can kiss Tori first, with the school's annual masquerade ball seeming to be their best chance. However, Tori finds out, and plans revenge against both of them at the ball. Meanwhile, Lisa has a secret admirer, and thinks it is Zack, but it is Screech. Things take another turn when Mr. Belding accidentally receives Screech's love letter to Lisa and assumes it is from nearsighted teacher Mrs. Culpepper.
1057.	Saved by the Bell (1989 TV Series)
Episode: The Last Weekend (1991)
The end of the summer luau comes which means that the gang and Malibu Sands must say adieu. Zack and Stacey want to make the best of their last weekend together before going their separate ways when she decides to return to college back east. Zack also tries to patch things up between Stacey and her father who disapproves of her dating Zack. Meanwhile, Slater has a secret admirer.
1058.	Six Feet Under (2001 TV Series)
Nathaniel Fisher, his wife Ruth, and their children David and Claire run a small funeral business that offers the best care to be found anywhere close by. Prodigal son Nate Jr. arrives home for Christmas just as his father is killed by a bus, and has to stick around when he and David are willed the funeral service together. How does a family who helps others deal with grief deal with its own?
1059.	Six Feet Under (2001 TV Series)
Episode: I'll Take You (2002)
Nate finally gets to read part of Brenda's novel but realizes she's not making it up and writing from her own experiences. Lisa Kimmel gives birth and phones Nate to let him know, only to speak to Ruth who learns she is now a grandmother. Dave and Keith don't exactly see eye to eye on how best to raise Taylor. They have have a visit from a social worker coming up and Keith is stressed awaiting the results of the shooting investigation. Another incident on the job puts his future in jeopardy. Claire is seriously thinking of going to LAC Arts college and goes on a tour of the campus. She likes what she sees and thanks her guidance counselor who has some sad news. Ruth and Nikolai are still seeing each other but it soon becomes apparent that Nikolai doesn't want to be with her. Nate continues working on Aaron Buchbinder's funeral arrangements. The funeral home's latest client is 80 year-old Letitia Perez, Rico's friend and neighbor. Her son, a successful surgeon, never spent much time with her and Rico and Vanessa are rewarded for their friendship.
1060.	Six Feet Under (2001 TV Series)
Episode: Dancing for Me (2005)
While trying to reach the newspaper on the sidewalk, Samuel Wayne Hoviak, who was the best high-school friend of Nate, falls and his truck run over him. In the funeral service, Nate meets their other former best friend, Tom Wheeler; they recall their adolescence and realize that they are getting up. The bitter and deranged Ruth has no patience with George, and they receive his daughter Maggie. David proposes Claire to donate her eggs for the baby of his own with Keith, but she refuses. Claire feels her art rejected by the owner of a gallery and Billy misses his former personality. Rico dates Sharon and does not understand her hint that she does not want to see him again. Brenda begins an internship in a free clinic and does not support her first day, seeking Margaret's influence to help her to find a better place to work.
Nate is shocked when he realizes that their latest client is his best friend from high school, Sam Hoviak, who died when he fell out of his car in his driveway while reaching for the morning paper and the vehicle promptly ran over him. He meets his other high school buddy at the funeral home but realizes that they have very little in common any more. Claire is almost desperate to have another show but can't seem to get her art dealer interested in her new project. Billy has his own frustrations as his medication impairs his artistic side. Dave and Keith meanwhile have decided to go the surrogate route in their desire to have a child but have yet to find a surrogate. Keith suggests an idea that would involve Claire. Rico has been seeing a girl but panics when she suddenly stops returning his calls. Brenda's mother is horrified when she learns Brenda has taken an internship at a free clinic and offers to find something better for her. Ruth's relationship with George is at a very low ebb. She resents that he didn't tell her about his mental illness before they were married. When he's at his best, he's polite and caring but at his worst, she feels like she's dealing with an impish child. George's daughter Maggie comes to help out.
1061.	Six Feet Under (2001 TV Series)
Episode: Someone Else's Eyes (2002)
While having lunch with his buddy on a building under construction, a worker accidentally drops his metal pan for carrying food on the head of the pedestrian Dwight Edgar Garrison and kills him. The widow and Dwight's two daughters have a serious altercation at Fisher's Home because of the last wish of Dwight of being buried side-by-side with his former wife and mother of his daughters. Brenda and Nate watch the sunset at the shore, and Nate questions Brenda if she really wants to marry him for love. Nate invites David to be his best man and meets Lisa by chance in the supermarket, and she discloses that she is five months pregnant of him, and Nate faces a dilemma. Brenda has casual sex with a stranger in the bathroom of a bookstore and tells Melissa later. Karla drugs herself again, and Keith convinces her to go to a clinic for treatment. Ruth finds that Nikolai actually owes money to dangerous Yuri. Claire meets Billy and sees how deranged he still is.
1062.	Six Feet Under (2001 TV Series)
Episode: Eat a Peach (2005)
Nate and Brenda argue over when Maya should be told about her biological mother. Nate still hasn't come to terms with Lisa's death and what it all means. Claire has moved out of Billy's apartment after his bad behavior. He desperately wants her back and starts taking his medication again but she'll have nothing to do with him. Billy's mother Margaret asks her out for dinner but it's nothing short of an ambush. Claire's life at home isn't much better and her battles with Ruth have reached a fever pitch. David and Keith decide that pursuing both options for children - a surrogate or adoption - is best but David really wants to adopt, especially after meeting a nice kid named Anthony. Rico and Vanessa continue to argue, this time about their son Julio who is accused of bullying a classmate at school. Rico talks to the principal and basically lays it all on Vanessa. Ruth has decided the time has come for George to move out but is less than honest with him about it.
1063.	Six Feet Under (2001 TV Series)
Episode: It's the Most Wonderful Time of the Year (2002)
While driving his motorcycle for a temporary work as Santa Claus in a mall, the biker Jesse Ray Johnson waves to three children on the sidewalk and dies in a traffic accident. His beloved wife Marilyn Johnson and two friends of Jessie hire the best services of Fisher & Sons Funeral Home for the funeral, but under the condition of using the place for a party with their bikers' friends on the Christmas day. Rico is pressed by Vanessa and tells her the truth about Ramon, and later Vanessa discloses the secret to Ramon's wife Graciela. Ruth invites the whole family to have Christmas dinner together with their mates. Claire invites Toby, Nate invites Brenda, and David invites Keith and Taylor. Each member of the Fisher family recalls a moment with Nathaniel. Nikolai has two broken legs in a burglary to his store, and without health plan, is treated by Ruth. The unstable Brenda flirts with a man in a store, and later she tells Melissa. Brenda and Nate are invited to dinner with Margaret on the Christmas Eve, and surprisingly Billy is there, invited by his dysfunctional mother, affecting Brenda. Nate has a seizure and finally tells Brenda about his AVM. Claire is corresponding through e-mails with Billy. Taylor's mother returns home.
1064.	Six Feet Under (2001 TV Series)
Episode: The Trip (2001)
3-week-old Dillon Michael Cooper suffers SIDS - an extremely uncomfortable charge for the Fishers as far as comforting the family but even more so for Rico, since his wife is currently pregnant for a second time. After Gabe's suicide attempt fails, Claire lies to Ruth that his drug overdose was an accident and points out that she, not his uncaring family, should help. David, Nate, and Brenda go to Vegas for a funeral directors' meeting where Nate informs Gilardi he knows what the arsonist's motive was, David meets Keith under unpleasant circumstances just after being caught with a male prostitute, and Nate and Brenda have an equally unpleasant encounter with Billy though have different opinions on how best to deal with it. To avoid all her floral arrangements looking like those in funerals, In between worrying about whether David really is gay and what it means for their relationship, Ruth takes a class on arranging which also instructs how to use instinct.
1065.	Six Feet Under (2001 TV Series)
Episode: Out, Out, Brief Candle (2002)
A football player collapses of dehydration during a practice session, but doesn't die...but his fellow player and best friend Joshua Peter Lagmead is ignored as he falls a moment later. Nate and Brenda prepare to make her high-school boyfriend Trevor envious when he visits for dinner with his own family, but in between trying to succeed, Nate is plagued with visions of Josh weeping, afraid of what will happen to him in death, and does his best to ignore his presence. Robbie graduates from The Plan, and invites Ruth to be his witness, and she's intrigued by the positive outcome and free-spiritedness seen in all its graduates so considers enrolling. David tries to keep contact with Keith as a friend, and when he tags by Keith's sister Karla's houses so he can give his niece Taylor a birthday gift, Taylor becomes intrigued on their relationship, while Keith is angry with his relapsing drug-addict sister for neglecting Taylor. Claire learns that Gabe stole embalming fluid from the Fishers to create a more powerful drug substance, though doesn't reveal it to an investigating cop...before learning he robbed the store, causing her to refuse to help anymore. Rico requests a $20,000-loan for his family's first house, and is disgusted both when he's forgotten to the offer of a modern casket-display wall, and when his sister-in-law Angelica gives one. Nate and David are even more disgusted, though, to learn there was a string attached when they bought the wall.
1066.	Six Feet Under (2001 TV Series)
Episode: The Dare (2004)
Claire has taken a liking to her friend Edie but is having difficulty coming to terms with her emotions. With Vanessa suspicious, Rico decides to tell Sophie he can't come by anymore. She's at her manipulative best and he can't bring himself to break away. Vanessa follows him and assumes the worse when she sees her. Nate and Brenda have been sleeping together but he also goes on a date with a fellow worker from the pet retreat. George and Ruth's relationship is strained and he invites her on his annual fossil hunt. Their outing doesn't go well and they end up at her sister Sarah's house. Sarah's overcome her addiction but Ruth realizes she may have more in common with her sister than she would like to admit. Keith is on tour with Celeste who takes them to a gay bar.
1067.	Six Feet Under (2001 TV Series)
Episode: The Foot (2001)
While cleaning a dough-mixer from the interior, Thomas Alfredo Ramono gets caught in his aide accidentally activating it. Nate agrees to sell to Kroehner's, with Ruth's support (and David's opposition overruled), but changes his mind when he hears another's view of Gilardi so is forced to reconsider if this easy choice is the best one. Gabe reveals that he and Claire slept together, resulting in mockery from half the school, so she decides to get revenge on him in a disturbing, sick move. Ruth's friend Amelia makes it over to offer sympathy and eventually succeeds in raising her spirit by gambling at the racetrack...but Nate and David sink it again after it already falls when her luck reverses. Just as Claire returns with more bad news for the family, an apparently good piece of news comes up: the cheap crematorium Gilardi planned to open in the house across the road burns down...but the timing, between Claire's recent suspicious actions, Nate's brutal rejection of Gilardi, and his and Brenda's sleeping there hours earlier, doesn't look good for the Fishers in the short run.
1068.	Six Feet Under (2001 TV Series)
Episode: Everyone's Waiting (2005)
Brenda gives birth to baby Willa some 8 weeks premature. Brenda is most anxious about her condition but there is little the doctor can tell her beyond waiting and hoping for the best. The situation is not improving at home and Keith, worried about the impact of Dave's condition and behavior on the boys, insists that he out move out until he gets better. Claire makes up with Ted whom she had treated terribly when he brought home the day she was fired. She gets a job offer out of the blue from a stock photo company in New York City but has her hopes dashed at the last minute. Rico and Vanessa decide to buy their own funeral home but problems arise when Rico asks Dave to buy out his 25% share of the business. Dave finally sees who it is who is stalking him and comes to terms with everything that has happened. Keith has an idea on how they can buy out Rico's share and make a home for themselves and the boys.
1069.	Six Feet Under (2001 TV Series)
Episode: The Rainbow of Her Reasons (2005)
Sarah O'Connor's best friend and Nate's first love Fiona Lenore Kleinschmidt falls down a mountain on a hiking trip with Sarah, causing she and her friends to stay a few days at the Fishers' and giving Ruth a good excuse not to show up to George's apartment for a few days...until Maggie notes she's put nothing of hers in the place. Claire applies for a temp agency job but the blandness of it is disappointing, especially with an art grant's rejection at about the same time. Anthony's older brother Durrel proves a rebellious, trouble-making thorn that Keith is all too eager to rid himself of but David wouldn't mind adopting, causing tensions to quickly mount as the social worker's visit nears. Vanessa's housekeeper Donna proves to have issues so Rico is unexpectedly asked to return to help with work. When Ruth finally does make it over to George after Sarah, Bettina, and the other drinking, smoking mourners have cleared out, he coolly reveals he knows her plan and breaks off with her, saving her the trouble.
Ruth has moved George into a new apartment without telling him that she has no intention of moving into it with him. His daughter Maggie senses something is amiss when she realizes that Ruth hasn't moved any of her belongings. Claire is anxiously awaiting word on her grant application and decides to take a temp job in the meantime. The company she works for is quite conservative and she finds it more that just a bit stifling. Dave and Keith have their hands full fostering Anthony and his brother Durrell. Keith in particular is having a hard time and thinks it's time to bring the arrangement to an end. Vanessa tries out a nanny but it clearly isn't going to work. Her solution is a real surprise to Rico. Ruth meanwhile has to come to terms with the death of Fiona Kleinschmidt, her sister Sarah's best friend. Ruth has never quite forgiven Fiona for having sex with Nate when he was only 15. The funeral arrangements give her an excuse at least to stay away from George who comes to his conclusions.
1070.	Six Feet Under (2001 TV Series)
Episode: The Liar and the Whore (2002)
With his sister now in custody, Keith has to deal with his parents over what to do with Taylor. They want to take her back to San Diego but Keith is against it. He's also afraid of his demanding and authoritarian father but Dave urges him to do what's best for Taylor and stand up to him. Claire and her friend Parker take some of Aunt Sarah's magic mushrooms and spend a day tripping. More seriously, Claire is struggling to decide what to do now with her life and is seriously considering pursuing her artistic interests. At the flower shop, Ruth is alone when loan shark Yuri drops in to visit Nikolai. She has a surprise for him, one that displeases Nikolai when he hears about it. With their wedding fast approaching, Brenda and Nate get counseling from Rabbi Ari who encourages them to be honest with one another. Nate finally tells her about the child. At the funeral home, Nate and Dave find out they are being sued by Catherine Collins, the woman who insisted on Nate opening the casket so she could have one last look at her husband. They also find out who is behind the suit. They also receive a body from the retirement home where Rico's wife Vanessa works. They have to refer it to the police however which has unexpected repercussions. Nate also meets with Aaron Buchbinder who was referred by Rabbi Ari and is dying.
1071.	Six Feet Under (2001 TV Series)
Episode: Nobody Sleeps (2003)
Robert Lamar Griffin's rare heart disease finally takes its fatal toll, leaving behind his boyfriend Kevin Lamb, a scene-designer of the opera company where he was a lighting-designer, who requests Fisher & Diaz to allow him to create a Chinese opera set for the funeral. David suspects Rico's views of homosexuality are narrow and defends it, while the couple's having been together so long offer new insight to his relationship with Keith. With Ruth's birthday approaching, Lisa prepares to throw her a party despite Nate's warning that she prefers her birthdays without any celebration. But with fun-loving Bettina invited and at Lisa's insistence, Ruth breaks her own standards of not using the best china or dancing. Claire is the only one not to attend the party; she's out watching the introduction of ultra-radical artist Scott Philip Smith, and is invited to dinner with Russell by Olivier and Smith, later learning what her potential may come to and wondering what it will be. After a while, Nate retreats from the party, too, disturbed by the growing similarities between Lisa and Ruth. He dreams that his father hints that between the wife he married by default and his hated inherited job, Nate may soon wish to use the old apartment he used to escape from the same things, and Nate retorts that he's less secretive, he loves his family, but Nathaniel wonders...why shouldn't he have loved his own, if he remained with them?
1072.	The Social Network (2010)
As told through flashbacks via deposition hearings for two concurrent lawsuits, the development and early days of the social networking website Facebook is presented. Harvard students qv##nm3212916## and Eduardo Saverin - officially listed as the co-founders of the website - were once best friends. Based on an on-line blog about his ex-girlfriend and a site he developed allowing its users to rate the hotness factor of girls on campus, Zuckerberg, who exhibited a streak of arrogance, was asked by fellow Harvardites, wealthy twins qv##nm3158393## and qv##nm3158147##, and their friend Divya Narendra, to enter into an agreement to develop a social networking website specifically for Harvard students, the attraction for people to visit it being its exclusivity solely to Harvard students. Zuckerberg agreed. Zuckerberg, with financing from his friend Saverin, decided instead to develop his own website without telling the "Winklevi" (as he calls the twins) and Narenda. Zuckerberg's assertion was that he never used a line of code provided by the three in his work. As "thefacebook" as it was then called began to blossom, the twins and Narenda had to figure out what to do to regain what they believed their intellectual property without having to sue, since that's not what gentlemanly Harvardites do. As the site was brought to more and more university campuses, Zuckerberg and Saverin began to have a difference of opinion: Saverin wanted to sell ad space to generate revenue (as he had been the website's sole financier and he had profit mentality based on being an economics major), while Zuckerberg, never one interested in money, didn't want to go that route as the ads would make the site lose its "cool" factor, which made it popular. The site attracted the attention of the founder of Napster, Sean Parker, whose own dot com life had its spectacular ups and spectacular downs. As Parker ingratiated himself into Facebook's life (much to Saverin's chagrin) and as Zuckerberg began increasingly to side with Parker, Saverin slowly began to be phased out of both Zuckerberg's personal and professional life.
1073.	The Adventures of Merlin (2008 TV Series)
Episode: The Tears of Uther Pendragon: Part Two (2010)
Sensing its master's peril, the great dragon fetches Merlin from among Morgause's monsters and heals his poisoned wound. Back at Camelot, Merlin counters Morgana's mandrake spell. Hearing of Cenred's twice-as-large army approaching, Arthur finally takes charge as reluctant regent and decides a siege is the best risk. Amongst his duties as squire, Merlin must discretely ward off Morgana's second front from within, the conjuring of a force of skeletons by means of a stave Morgause gave her. Uther compromises Camelot's defense by stumbling to the front, forcing Arthur to carry him back; then, after Cenred's cowardly flight, he gives credit where it's least due.
1074.	The Adventures of Merlin (2008 TV Series)
Episode: Excalibur (2008)
A black knight crashes Arthur's coming-of-age ceremony, throwing down the gauntlet to any knight who will fight him, killing all who do, one day at a time. Gaius discovers he is Uther's dead brother-in-law, now a wraith summoned from the grave by the witch Nimueh, seeking revenge for the death of his sister who died giving birth to Arthur. His intent: to eventually fight and kill Uther. Merlin learns that only a special sword burnished with a dragon's fiery breath can kill the knight. To that end, he asks Gwen for the best sword her father ever forged (the sword later known as Excalibur) and asks the imprisoned dragon to burnish it. The Dragon, however, tells Merlin that, once created, only Arthur should wield it, as evil will come of it otherwise. Merlin gives his word. Unfortunately, Uther has Arthur drugged and locked in his room, preparing to face the wraith himself. With Excalibur in his hand, victory might come but would leave Uther in control of a powerful magical weapon.
1075.	The Adventures of Merlin (2008 TV Series)
Episode: The Sins of the Father (2009)
An armour-clad figure strides into Camelot, killing five guards and besting Arthur in single combat. This is Morgause, whom Gaius and Uther know to be Morgana's half-sister. Before she leaves the court, she gives Morgana a magic bracelet which helps her sleep and challenges Arthur to set out on a quest. He duly complies. He and Merlin arrive at Morgause's castle where she evokes Arthur's late mother, Ygrain, who tells him Uther sought magic to produce an heir and let her die that Arthur might live - the terms of the deal. A distraught Arthur accuses Uther of hypocrisy and tries to kill him, but Merlin dissuades him, telling him that Morgause tricked him with an illusion in order to destroy Camelot. Uther expresses his thanks to Merlin, ironically believing him to be an opponent of magic.
1076.	The Adventures of Merlin (2008 TV Series)
Episode: Lancelot (2008)
Merlin would have been killed by a giant griffin (half eagle, half lion) if not for valiant Lancelot, who bravely attacked it and got them safely away. Learning Lancelot's life dream is to become a knight, grateful Merlin brings him to court, but when told only noblemen may apply, magically forges proof of nobility. Lancelot passes hazing and close combat tests against Prince Arthur but is found out as commoner and jailed. When the griffin attacks Camelot - even inside the royal castle - the knights' arms prove unable to penetrate it . Arthur frees Lancelot, who in return (with Merlin's magical help) triumphs where all knighthood fails miserably, but will Uther finally hear Arthur's plea to allow the best sword to serve in chivalry despite existing social restrictions?
1077.	The Adventures of Merlin (2008 TV Series)
Episode: The Moment of Truth (2008)
Hearing that his village is being threatened by a warlord and his gang, Merlin travels home with Gwen, Morgana and Arthur, the latter doing his best to drill the peaceful villagers into a fighting force. Merlin's friend William is dismissive of Arthur's efforts, feeling they constitute egoism, though he ultimately saves the young prince's life. Nonetheless the villagers are inexperienced in martial ways and Merlin must use magic and conjure up a wind-storm to help see off the bandits.
1078.	Wayne's World (1992)
Wayne Campbell is a heavy metal fanatic living in a suburban Chicago neighborhood. On a Friday Night, Wayne and his eccentric best friend, Garth Algar hosts "Wayne's World", a public cable network TV show in Wayne's basement and is very popular. "Wayne's World" catches the attention of handsome TV network executive Ben Oliver who wants "Wayne's World" on his television network in downtown Chicago and sponsored by billionaire Noah Vandahoff, one of the largest owners in the arcade business. With "Wayne's World" now on a Prime Time TV network, Wayne and Garth find themselves moving up big time and Wayne finds himself falling in love with Cassandra Wong, a Chinese-American lead singer of a heavy metal band. But Ben has a hidden agenda and plans on ruining their show and he bids to steal Cassandra from Wayne if Wayne and Garth do not make a success in making "Wayne's World" #1 in the TV ratings. Wayne and Garth finds the show isn't the same and Wayne plans to help Cassandra make it big time with her career.
1079.	Oldboy (2003)
On the day of his daughter's birthday, Ho Dae-su gets completely drunk and is arrested. His best friend No Joo-hwan releases him from the police station, and while calling home from a phone booth, Dae-su vanishes. Indeed he has been abducted and imprisoned in a room for fifteen years. One day, he is suddenly released, receives clothes, money and a cellular and meets the Japanese chef Mido, and they feel a great attraction for each other. However, Dae-su seeks for his captor and the reason of his long imprisonment. While looking for revenge, Dae-su discloses deep secrets from the past.
1080.	Ferris Bueller's Day Off (1986)
One fake sick day sends high school senior Ferris Bueller, his girlfriend Sloane and his best friend Cameron on the adventure of their young lives, as they ditch school and take off on a raucous journey through Chicago as they stay one step ahead of their principal and Ferris's sister.
Ferris is a street-wise kid who knows all the tricks. Today he decides to take the day off school. When Ferris takes the day off, so must his best friends, Cameron and Sloane. Cameron is reluctantly persuaded to borrow his father's Ferrari, and together they hatch a plan to get Sloane out of class. Suspicious dean of students Ed Rooney knows all about Ferris, but can never catch him. Ferris' sister Jeanie is also frustrated that Ferris always gets away with his tricks and she doesn't. Furthermore, Ferris is an 'angel' in his parents eyes. It's Ferris' day off, he's out to enjoy himself, and he does!.
1081.	Switched at Birth (2011 TV Series)
Episode: Dance Amongst Daggers (2011)
Tensions continue to grow while Kathyrn hosts the annual school benefit at the Kennish residence, where her new family becomes a spectacle for all of Mission Hills to gossip about. Toby and his friend Wilke's band are excited to perform at the benefit, but they're in need of a drummer - can Daphne's deaf friend Emmett really play the drums? As the night goes on, Daphne is faced with a heartbreaking decision -- to choose between a family she barely knows and an exciting new love interest who makes her feel that being deaf is not an issue. Meanwhile, Melody and John appear to be establishing a bond during the benefit. As rumors fly about the family's real situation, Kathryn has a difficult time accepting her husband's new friend. Making matters worse, Regina accepts a dinner invitation from the ex-husband of one of Kathyrn's best friends.
1082.	Switched at Birth (2011 TV Series)
Episode: Portrait of My Father (2011)
Now that Regina and Daphne have completely moved into the Kennish's home, many of Kathryn's friends and neighbors have begun asking questions. Kathryn decides it's best to keep their situation a secret and devises a lie, in an effort to protect Bay, who quickly becomes victim to town gossip. Bay asks Daphne more about her biological father, but is shut down, leaving her more determined to further investigate. Meanwhile, John gets involved in Daphne's basketball games, and it's there that he meets Melody, Regina's best friend and Emmet's mother, who also happens to be the school counselor and fill-in coach at Daphne's school.
1083.	Kingdom (2014 TV Series)
Alvey and Lisa are struggling to keep their gym, Navy Street, afloat. Their best hope is Alvey's son Nate, an up and coming fighter. Jay, Alvey's other son, is on the outs with his father. When Lisa's ex and former MMA champ, Ryan, shows up, complications arise. Nate has secrets of his own which may hold him back.
1084.	Kingdom (2014 TV Series)
Episode: Set Yourself on Fire (2014)
Alvie and Lisa are struggling to keep their MMA gym financially viable in Venice, CA. While Alvie's younger son Nate prepares for an upcoming fight, his older son Jay is a distraction. Lisa's ex-boyfriend Ryan is a well-known professional fighter out on parole looking to get his life back together. Alvie knows Ryan can bring much-needed prestige to his struggling Navy St. gym. All of these characters are fighting to improve their lives best way they know how... and none of them can afford a loss.
1085.	Avatar: The Last Airbender (2005 TV Series)
Episode: The Cave of Two Lovers (2006)
The episode begins with Aang, Katara and Sokka enjoying a few well-deserved moments of much-needed rest and relaxation in a river on the way to the earth city of Omashu. Everyone is in bathing suit attire and this is one of the few occasions where we see Sokka without his hair in the traditional Water Tribe wolf's tail knot. Aang and Katara are making the most of this moment by practicing an 'Octopus' water bending move. From the beginning it is clear that as Katara touches Aang to improve his water bending stance, there is 'love and romance' in the air and definitely a growing chemistry between them. This really sets the theme for the entire episode. 'The Cave of Two Lovers' recounts how the group makes their way to Omashu and the romantic yet tragic history that caused the city to come into being. While splashing about in the river a group of traveling musical nomads tells them of a secret passage way through the mountains to Omashu. It is while they are traveling through this secret passage that Aang and Katara are separated from the group and thus have their moment to allow 'love to lead the way' out of the labyrinth of tunnels. While Avatar creators cleverly leave us to draw our own conclusions there are definitely signs of a first romantic kiss between Aang and Katara. Subplots include catching up with Uncle Iroh and Prince Zuko in their new life as fugitives from the Fire Nation. It is apparent they are not having the best time struggling on their own for food and shelter. Iroh inadvertently brews some poisonous 'White Jade Lily' tea causing him to suffer a terrible reaction. This is perhaps fortuitous because it causes them to seek medical attention with a nearby homeopathic temple. In doing so they are befriended by a young healer who invites them to dinner and she and her mother offer them the hospitality they need most. Prince Zuko in his interactions with the young healer 'Song' begins to intimately see firsthand the suffering and losses experienced by others at the hands of the Fire Nation. The episode ends with a surprise in that the search for King Bumi to teach Aang earth bending takes a terrible turn when emerging from the cave the group discovers that the great Earth city of Omashu has been taken siege by the Fire Nation.
1086.	The Hangover (2009)
Angelenos Doug Billings and Tracy Garner are about to get married. Two days before the wedding, the four men in the wedding party - Doug, Doug's two best buddies Phil Wenneck and Stu Price, and Tracy's brother Alan Garner - hop into Tracy's father's beloved Mercedes convertible for a 24-hour stag party to Las Vegas. Phil, a married high school teacher, has the same maturity level as his students when he's with his pals. Stu, a dentist, is worried about everything, especially what his controlling girlfriend Melissa thinks. Because she disapproves of traditional male bonding rituals, Stu has to lie to her about the stag, he telling her that they are going on a wine tasting tour in the Napa Valley. Regardless, he intends on eventually marrying her, against the advice and wishes of his friends. And Alan seems to be unaware of what are considered the social graces of the western world. The morning after their arrival in Las Vegas, they awaken in their hotel suite each with the worst hangover. None remembers what happened in the past twelve or so hours. The suite is in shambles. And certain things are in the suite that shouldn't be, and certain things that should be in the suite are missing. Probably the most important in the latter category is Doug. As Phil, Stu and Alan try to find Doug using only what little pieces of information they have at hand, they go on a journey of discovery of how certain things got into the suite and what happened to the missing items. However they are on a race for time as if they can't find Doug in the next few hours, they are going to have to explain to Tracy why they are not yet back in Los Angeles. And even worse, they may not find Doug at all before the wedding.
Two days before his wedding with the wealthy Tracy Garner, Doug Billings travels to his bachelor party in Las Vegas with his best friends, the school teacher Phil Wenneck and the dentist Stu Price, and Tracy's unconventional brother Alan Garner. Tracy's father lends his convertible Mercedez Benz that is his pride and joy to Doug with many recommendations. The quartet rents the best suite in the Caesar's Palace and they go to the roof to celebrate. Alan proposes a toast to Doug and they drink his booze. On the next morning, Phil, Stu and Alan have a hangover and they do not recall what they did last night; the room is upside down; Doug is missing; there is a baby in the wardrobe; a tiger in the bedroom; a chicken in the room; Stu has a missing tooth; and Doug is missing. The trio tries to track down last night to find what happened and sooner they discover that Stu married the stripper Jade (heather Graham) and Alan has spiked their booze with "Good Morning, Cinderella" in the beginning of their crazy night.
Four life-long friends head off to Las Vegas for a guy's weekend, whilst they're there one friend (Alan) slips rufflin in the other three's (Doug, Stu, and Phil) shot glasses because Alan believes that it is ecstasy, that same night they get so drunk that the next morning three of them wake up (Phil, Stu, and Alan) with no recollection of what happened during the previous night, Doug missing a day before his wedding, a tiger in the bathroom who happens to belong to at once a world heavyweight boxing champion, Mike Tyson, and a baby, whose mother is a prostitute, who Stu married the previous night whilst he was drunk. It also seems that the four rob a viscious Chinese crime-boss' chips at a casino. From dusk till dawn it's the three guy's mission to simultaneously rescue their groom to be best friend, return the tiger to Mike Tyson, divorce the prostitute, and pay off the Chinese mobster.
1087.	Nurse Jackie (2009 TV Series)
Episode: Happy F*Cking Birthday (2013)
Season 5 premiere. An overturned bus makes for a crazy day at All Saints as two new doctors join the staff: Dr. Carrie Roman (Betty Gilpin) and Dr. Ike Prentiss (Morris Chestnut). Meanwhile, O'Hara (Eve Best) just wants to spend every minute with her new son and Akalitus (Anna Deavere Smith) gives Eddie (Paul Schulze) back his old job - all this, the day before Jackie's (Edie Falco) birthday.
1088.	Nurse Jackie (2009 TV Series)
Episode: Rag and Bone (2014)
Certain she has a hidden stash, Frank searches Jackie's house for drugs. Luckily for Jackie, he throws his back out before he can find anything. Laid up and in pain, Frank confesses to Jackie that he saw her use at the poker party the night before and was searching the house. Realizing she dodged a bullet, Jackie quickly removes all drugs from her home and tries to find a hiding place for them at All Saints, finally settling on an old relic in the ladies rest room. Jackie complains to Antoinette about her upcoming dinner with Kevin and his new finance, but Antoinette convinces her to go. Back at work, Jackie connects with a homeless, alcoholic nun who seems to have given up on life. Frank's suspicions are raised once again when Grace announces matter of factly that her mother is the world's best liar. When Frank finds an old drug stash by accident, he calls Jackie to confront her but she brushes him off and heads inside a Williamsburg loft where she finds distraction and excitement in the arms of Gabe, the young drug user she met at the Square Dance. Prentiss misses the action of working in a war zone and is momentarily in his element when a multiple injury trauma is said to be coming into All Saints. Later, Zoey confronts Prentiss about his dissatisfaction and encourages him to do what he loves. Jackie is thrilled when Frank makes a surprise appearance at Kevin and Mia's dinner only to be confused by his caustic attitude. Mia and Kevin make a big announcement which causes Frank to reconsider confronting Jackie about the drugs he found. Jackie pops a surprising question to Frank.
1089.	Nurse Jackie (2009 TV Series)
Episode: Batting Practice (2011)
Kevin takes off to batting practice where he meets Eddie. Eddie is sure Kevin knows about him and Jackie. Jackie, still sober is trying to get through her probation. Coop has a hard time getting Eddie to agree to be his best man. Zoey throws a party for Nurses Appreciation Week. Kelly and Jackie tag team a trauma where Jackie is forced to confess her probation.
1090.	Nurse Jackie (2009 TV Series)
Episode: Candyland (2010)
Everyone at the hospital is put out - especially Dr. O'Hara - when Dr. Cooper is listed in a monthly magazine as one of the 25 best doctors in Manhattan. Jackie is less than pleased when Kaitlin shows up on a play date at her house. She's even less pleased when Kaitlin sees her snorting a line. At the hospital, she's almost caught taking drugs out of the dispensary using Zoey's access number. Back at home, she's dumbfounded when she sees who husband Kevin's new friend is.
1091.	Silver Linings Playbook (2012)
Against medical advice and without the knowledge of her husband Pat Solatano Sr., caring Dolores Solatano discharges her adult son, Pat Solatano Jr., from a Maryland mental health institution after his minimum eight month court ordered stint. The condition of the release includes Pat Jr. moving back in with his parents in their Philadelphia home. Although Pat Jr.'s institutionalization was due to him beating up the lover of his wife Nikki, he was diagnosed with bipolar disorder. Nikki has since left him and has received a restraining order against him. Although he is on medication (which he doesn't take because of the way it makes him feel) and has mandatory therapy sessions, Pat Jr. feels like he can manage on the outside solely by healthy living and looking for the "silver linings" in his life. His goals are to get his old job back as a substitute teacher, but more importantly reunite with Nikki. He finds there are certain instances where he doesn't cope well, however no less so than some others who have never been institutionalized, such as his Philadelphia Eagles obsessed father who has resorted to being a bookie to earn a living, his best friend Ronnie who quietly seethes over the control wielded by his wife Veronica, and Veronica's widowed sister, Tiffany Maxwell, a girl with problems of her own. In their fragile mental states, Pat Jr. and Tiffany embark on a love/hate friendship based primarily on what help the other can provide in achieving their individual goals. But they may reevaluate their goals as their relationship progresses.
1092.	Veep (2012 TV Series)
Episode: B/ill (2015)
A bedridden Selena aims to derail her own Family First Bill whilst under the guise of hoping for a successful vote in Congress. Dan and Amy attack the mission from their new vantage point as lobbyists, as Jonah and Richard seem to the 'best' the White House has to help 'push' the bill through. There is some political bargaining to made in order for the desired outcome, however Selena's abilities may be a bit challenged.
1093.	St. Vincent (2014)
Vincent is an old Vietnam vet whose stubbornly hedonistic ways have left him without money or a future. Things change when his new next-door neighbor's son, Oliver, needs a babysitter and Vince is willing enough for a fee. From that self-serving act, an unexpected friendship forms as Vincent and Oliver find so much of each other's needs through each other. As Vincent mentors Oliver in street survival and other worldly ways, Oliver begins to see more in the old man than just his foibles. When life takes a turn for the worse for Vincent, both them find the best in each other than no one around them suspects.
1094.	The Devil Wears Prada (2006)
After graduating from university, Andy lands the dream job that "a million girls would kill for": assistant to Miranda - the chief editor of Runway, the top-selling fashion magazine in the industry. It is a job set to fast-track her career in journalism, if she can survive a year working for Miranda. From here, Andy, with no sense of fashion at all, begins a fish-out-of-water drama as she is thrown into a lifestyle full of the fast-paced, three-inch-minimum-heel-height, diet coke and coffee substance abuse. Andy works really hard to deal with Miranda's endless unimaginable demands. She even becomes trendy and classy. However, she gradually finds she is working 24/7 and soon her life with boyfriend Nate and best friend Lily is slipping away from her. Then, she realizes that she is losing what really matters. She does not want to lose herself no matter how many pairs of Monolos and Jimmy Choos she can score along the way.
1095.	Gunsmoke (1955 TV Series)
Episode: Extradition: Part 2 (1963)
Matt tries to work with a Mexican officer to return a robber and killer to the U.S. Charlie Hacker does his best to escape and keep the reward on his head from being collected by anyone, especially Matt Dillon. Complicating matters are some bandits know about the reward too and they're closing in.
1096.	Gunsmoke (1955 TV Series)
Episode: My Father, My Son (1966)
Fast gun Jim Barrett shoots Joey Jeffords in self defense so his whole family bands together seeking retribution. When another young man shows up in town wanting to kill Jim too, several folks do their best to ensure he doesn't wind up just like Joey.
1097.	Gunsmoke (1955 TV Series)
Episode: Bently (1964)
Ned Wright was tried and acquitted of murdering Bently, but Ned and his wife have been outcasts ever since. When he falls ill, Ned tells Doc that he killed Bently after all, then dies. Chester, in his last appearance on the show, suspects that Ned was lying in hopes of somehow thereby making life better for his widow. As Chester sets himself to find Bently's real killer, the man who was Bently's best friend hires a man to kill Chester.
1098.	Gunsmoke (1955 TV Series)
Episode: Cowtown Hustler (1974)
Dave Rope is a down on his luck young man looking to marry his sweetheart Sally and move to St. Louis. He spots his chance when an old drifter, named Joshua Pinch, passes through and hustles several cowboys in a pool game. He learns that the drifter's real name is Moses Darby, a former world champion billiards player. Rope proposes a partnership with the old hustler. Darby accepts, and along with Sally, they head for Dodge City to seek their fortune. Before long Darby goes up against the local cattle baron, Adam Kearney. Angry at his loss, Kearney brings in Willie Tomsen, the best billiards player west of the Mississippi, to face Darby. For Darby, it is a chance to relive his glory days and redeem himself. But upon learning that Rope has put himself deeply in debt with a large bet on Tomsen, Darby must make an agonizing choice. To play for his own honor, or to throw the game for Rope's sake.
1099.	Gunsmoke (1955 TV Series)
Episode: The Wake (1960)
Gus Mather arrives in Dodge in a wagon, carrying the coffin of his best friend, Orson Boggs. Boggs died of a sickness, Gus wants to give him a proper wake, and invites anyone to join in free liquor at the Longbranch. Matt asks Gus who Boggs was, Gus says they're from Redbank Country. The morning after the wake, Matt is too curious, decides to ride to Redbank Country to find out about Boggs. Matt and Chester finally find Mrs. Boggs, who says her husband didn't have any friends. The story continues to unfold as Mrs Boggs later shows up in Dodge. A couple of classic lines by these characters. Matt to prairie man traveling to Dodge: "Pay your bills and don't kill anyone, and you won't have any trouble" (words to live by). Matt says about Mrs. Boggs: "I think she's hiding something". Chester: "Too bad is ain't her face, if you ask me".
1100.	Madam Secretary (2014 TV Series)
Episode: Desperate Remedies (2016)
State sends a man to Africa to negotiate for the release of girls being held by a terrorist leader. The leader refuses the offer so the man returns to the States to report and among the ones he talks to is Jay. He suddenly collapses and is taken to the hospital where they learn he has Marburg. Jay is quarantined. So Elizabeth and the President are informed that he got it while in Africa and they need to contain it and the best way is to send people in to help those who are infected. Elizabeth talks to an ambassador who offers full support including military protection. But then a person who came to the camp seeking help is actually working for the terrorist who blows himself up killing several people. So the President is thinking of sending his own military to deal with it unless Elizabeth can come up with a solution. When Elizabeth goes to see the man who was infected, she discovers his own the way to recovery because of a drug used for another disease. She thinks they should offer it to the leader whom they think is also infected in exchange for allowing the medical aid workers be left alone. Murphy station is at road block In their pursuit of Desal. Jane then thinks she knows where he is. Elizabeth runs into Stevie's boyfriend and connects with him which makes Stevie uncomfortable.
1101.	The Karate Kid (1984)
Daniel is new in town, and is getting picked on by the local bullies, who all are adept in karate. Determined to stick up for himself, Daniel begins to teach himself karate, only to discover that the caretaker at his apartment seems to be a grand master in karate. Agreeing to teach Daniel, Mr. Miyagi shows Daniel that there is more to karate than violence, and perhaps the best way to solve the problem he has with the bullies is in the All Valley Karate Championship.
1102.	Boy Meets World (1993 TV Series)
In this TV series we see the "adventures" and goofs of a young schoolboy named Cory Matthews and his best friend Shawn Hunter. At school, they aren't very popular with girls, and they have enemies like Harley, Joey, and Frankie. They also get often in trouble with Mr. Feeny, the school's funny principal.
The show starts with Cory as an average eleven year old boy. He has a best friend from the other side of the tracks, a teacher that constantly keeps him on his toes, a classmate named Topanga who he has trouble understanding, and a family that keeps his life interesting - including an older brother who seems to become more idiotic as the show progresses. As years wear on and Cory grows up, everything gradually changes. Shawn begins to feel the strains of his less than perfect life, Topanga become more than a friend, and the constant spinning of the world leads up to Cory slowly becoming less naive and more responsible.
The show begins and progresses the adventures and goofs of adolescent schoolboy Cory Matthews, his best friend from "the wrong side of the tracks" Shawn Hunter, his hard-to-understand girlfriend Topanga Lawrence with the help of former teacher now principal and Cory's next-door neighbor George Feeny and his continually-progressing idiotic older brother Eric.
1103.	Boy Meets World (1993 TV Series)
Episode: What I Meant to Say (1995)
When Cory's emotions get the best of him, he catches Topanga off guard and tells her that he loves her. The next day, Shawn accosts Cory for saying "the L word" because all the girls in school will want to hear it. Topanga's evasive attitude confuses Cory and he is left completely bewildered when Topanga breaks up with him.
1104.	Boy Meets World (1993 TV Series)
Episode: My Best Friend's Girl (1995)
Topanga leaves for a summers and comes back a woman. Cory finally gets the courage to ask her out. When he does he finds out that Shawn is dating Topanga. Cory is in a jealous rage and he asks Topanga's best friend, Trini, to be his date. In the end Cory finds out Shawn and Topanga set him up. So Cory asks Topanga out and she says yes.
1105.	Boy Meets World (1993 TV Series)
Episode: Boy Meets Girl (1994)
After watching a movie about puberty and hormones in Feeny's class, Shawn gets his first date. Cory gets jealous and thinks he has to best Shawn so he asks Topanga on a date. When Cory's parents find out the date is made through jealousy they tell him it is wrong and he should cancel it.
1106.	Boy Meets World (1993 TV Series)
Episode: Wrong Side of the Tracks (1995)
Shawn starts hanging out with a dangerous crowd after being dumped because of his social standing. Shawn decides his place in life is on the streets with bullies and criminals instead of in school with his friends. Cory sets out to prove to his best friend that a person's honorability is not determined by his birthplace. Meanwhile, Eric lies about how good a skater he is so he can go out with a girl named Valerie.
1107.	Falling Skies (2011 TV Series)
Episode: Grace (2011)
Tom and his team head out to track down more motorcycles for the 2nd Mass., relying on Pope to guide them to a good location. They hit the jackpot until they meet some skitters and harnessed teenagers at the bike shop. Back at the base, Dr. Harris and Anne disagree over the best method to gather more intelligence on the aliens.
1108.	The Twilight Zone (1959 TV Series)
Episode: To Serve Man (1962)
Michael Chambers recounts recent events on Earth after the arrival of a alien space craft. The aliens, known as Kanamit, seem friendly and assure everyone they have nothing to be afraid of. In fact, they offer to share wonderful technology that will provide limitless energy, cure all disease and convert deserts into lush gardens. For the people of Earth, paradise has arrived. Chambers is an encryption specialist and they try their best to decrypt a book the Kanamit left behind. The book's title seems benign - but it's not what they think it is.
1109.	The Twilight Zone (1959 TV Series)
Episode: The Prime Mover (1961)
Ace, a compulsive gambler and diner owner, discovers that his best friend, Jimbo, has telekinesis after seeing him save the driver in a car wreck. Jimbo rarely uses the power, as it got him in trouble when he was young, and its use gives him headaches, but Ace sees opportunity and spirits his girlfriend Kitty and Jimbo to Las Vegas to win big at the gambling tables. After the first night, Ace wins enough money to last the rest of his life, but that's not good enough for Ace, who refuses to leave when Kitty wants to. She leaves, but he stays, going out on the town with the hotel's cigarette girl. The next day, Ace gets the biggest no-limits gambler to visit his hotel room and play craps. He keeps winning with Jimbo's help but loses on an all-or-nothing bet when Jimbo's power desert him.
1110.	The Twilight Zone (1959 TV Series)
Episode: On Thursday We Leave for Home (1963)
Space colonists from Pilgrim I, Earth's first spaceship to colonize the outer regions, have spent 30 years in their new home. It's a lonely barren place and they are waiting for a ship from to arrive to transport them home. Some of the colonists are at their wits end and another one, the 9th in six months, commits suicide. They are led by William Benteen, who they call Captain, a tough no-nonsense type who does his best to keep them together. They rejoice when the ship arrives and are given three days to prepare for their departure. As the day approaches however, Benteen assumes the community will stay together on Earth. When he realizes that most in the community will go their own way once they get home, he decides they should stay. When the group decides otherwise, Benteen is left with only one option.
1111.	The Twilight Zone (1959 TV Series)
Episode: The Invaders (1961)
An old woman who lives alone in a ramshackle farm house comes face to face with alien invaders. She hears something on her roof and then finds a flying saucer, perhaps six or seven feet across from which emerges two small robots. She fights them as best she can and eventually succeeds in destroying their ship. The nature of the invaders however is not immediately obvious however.
1112.	The Twilight Zone (1959 TV Series)
Episode: The Mighty Casey (1960)
Mouth McGarry is the manager of the Hoboken Zephyrs professional baseball team. They are perennial losers and are already so far back in the standings that they have no chance of winning the pennant. McGarry is approached by Dr. Stillman who has a solution for him, Casey, who seems to be an ideal pitcher, the best McGarry has ever seen. The catch is that Casey is a robot. McGarry is eager to win and decides to use Casey without telling anyone. When his ruse is discovered, Dr. Stillman agrees to give Casey a heart to make him more human. The results aren't quite what McGarry had hoped for.
1113.	The Twilight Zone (1959 TV Series)
Episode: Back There (1961)
After debating with a member of his Washington club whether you could go back in time and change major events, Pete Corrigan seems to go back to April 15, 1864 the night Abraham Lincoln was assassinated. He tries his best to warn the authorities of what will happen in a few hours time but it all falls on deaf ears. One person seems interested in what he has to say, but that person may have his own reasons for his behavior.
1114.	The Twilight Zone (1959 TV Series)
Episode: The Trouble with Templeton (1960)
Booth Templeton is a renowned stage actor who has reached a stage in his personal life where he has idealized his past. In particular he has fond memories of his first wife, Laura. After a stressful encounter at the theater, he walks out of the stage door and finds himself in 1927 where he joins his wife and best friend, Barney Fluegler, for dinner. It all reminds him that his past was not as rosy as he may have remembered it.
1115.	The Twilight Zone (1959 TV Series)
Episode: The Big Tall Wish (1960)
Bolie Jackson is a professional boxer whose best years are behind him. He's well-liked in his neighborhood and adored by Henry, a young lad who lives next door. He hurts his hand in an altercation with sleazy boxing manager and as a result is badly beaten in a televised boxing match. He's apparently down and out for the count but young Henry has a special ability - something his mother calls the big wish - that changes the outcome of the match. When Bolie learns what he's done he refuses to believe in what Henry's done with the inevitable consequences.
1116.	The Twilight Zone (1959 TV Series)
Episode: The Fugitive (1962)
Little Jenny wears a brace on her leg. Her best friend, an old man named Old Ben, brightens her life by performing magic -- he can turn into anything he wants. One day, two men show up looking for Old Ben and Jenny asks if they are policemen. Not exactly. Old Ben evades them and confesses to Jenny that he's from another planet. Old Ben is a fugitive, but he is not a criminal.
1117.	The Twilight Zone (1959 TV Series)
Episode: Mr. Denton on Doomsday (1959)
As a young man, Al Denton was pretty handy with a gun, something that was always useful in the old west. Now, he's the town drunk. He's regularly bullied and humiliated by the town's gunslinger Dan Hoteling but when he out-guns him, he's suddenly the town hero. As he predicted however a gunslinger, Pete Grant, is coming to town to challenge him. Al decides that it's best to just run away. Hovering about throughout it all is Henry J. Fate, who describes himself as a dealer in everything. He sells Al a potion that will make him the fastest gunman in the west. Now all Al can do is wait for Grant to arrive.
1118.	Roseanne (1988 TV Series)
Episode: Guilt by Imagination (1993)
An old fling of Dan's, and old nemesis of Roseanne's from high school visits Dan at the City Garage, and invites him out to lunch. Jackie finds out from Fred, lies to Roseanne about where Dan is, confronts Dan at home later that evening, but believes him that it was only an innocent lunch. Unaware of how Dan spent his lunch hour, Roseanne confides in Jackie that Dan played hooky that afternoon, and the two of them had the best sex ever. Thanks to Jackie's inability to lie convincingly to Roseanne, she realizes that she has been lied to, forcing Dan to come clean about who he spent his lunch with. Enraged and humiliated, Roseanne walks out on Dan.
1119.	Roseanne (1988 TV Series)
Episode: Maybe Baby (1994)
Tensions are heightened at the Connor house as a short-fused Roseanne waits for the amniocentesis results. Dan tries his best to help devise a solution and comfort Roseanne but his good intentions are misinterpreted. Everyone seems to have an opinion on the situation, which only angers Roseanne and intensifies her doubts and fears.
1120.	Spider-Man 3 (2007)
Everything is lining up great for Peter he has finally got the love of his life Mary Jane Watson to marry him. But one night when the strange meteor crash's it clangs on to peter bonding him with an alien symbiote suit. This changes peter once the symbiote is attached by to him he changes his life around.Once he finds out his uncle's real killer is still alive who's Flint Marko/sandman he seeks revenge as his ex best friend harry Osborn becomes the new goblin and peter deals with Eddie Brock. Once peter realizes that he is doing everything wrong he decides only one way you can make it right by getting rid of the alien symbiote suit by riping it off which eventually leads to the birth of venom. peter now faces all the darkest demons as he also tries to win back Mary Jane Watson.
After Mary Jane and Peter Parker have confessed their love for one another, we start things off with them happier than ever. Spider-Man is still doing what he does best - saving the world. Mary Jane is the star of a great Broadway show. However, through all the silver linings, Harry is still blaming Peter for killing his father. After multiple attempts at trying to reason with him and patch things up, Harry finally confronts Peter and they engage in a brutal battle leaving Harry with temporary amnesia. During this time Peter encounters a symbiote, which attaches itself to his Spidey suit. After awhile Peter can feel a difference in his behavior (more aggressive) but as well his powers are amplified. Struggling to save his relationship with Mary Jane he removes the suit using the bells of the church and the suit finally grabs hold of Eddie Brock. Eddie was currently praying Peter would be killed for all the embarrassment that Peter's caused him. Not a minute too soon, Peter gets back to normal, but seems to have lost Mary Jane - and what's worse is she is held captive by Venom and Sandman - who have seem to have join forces. After realizing this, Peter asks Harry for help, but is declined since Harry has gotten his memory back. As Peter goes to face both villains, Harry is told the truth about his father and decides to help Spider-Man. The final battle comes down to Harry and Spider-Man against Venom and Sandman. Who will win?
1121.	Gran Torino (2008)
Elderly Walt Kowalski is recently widowed. Much of Walt's views of life are shaped by his time in the Korean War. On strained relations with his grown sons and not wanting the advice of the priest of his wife's church, Walt is a gruff man who has few friends. As such, he lives a solitary life with his pet Labrador retriever Daisy in the same house he has lived in for years, which is located in a working class Highland Park, Michigan neighborhood. Recently, the neighborhood has gone through changes where it is now racially mixed. The Lor family, of ethnic Hmong descent, move into the house next door to Walt's, the family which includes two teenagers, streetwise Sue and shy Thao. Initially Walt wants nothing to do with his new foreign neighbors. Slowly, Walt does get involved in Sue and Thao's lives, despite Thao having once tried to steal Walt's beloved 1972 Gran Torino. That attempted theft was a Hmong gang initiation ritual, a gang to which Thao does not want to belong. Walt sees that Sue and Thao will never be able to live in peace as long as that gang exists. As his teen-aged neighbors' unofficial protector, Walt has to figure out how best to restore his sense of right in the neighborhood.
1122.	Angel (1999 TV Series)
Episode: Calvary (2003)
With Angel's soul stolen from the hotel safe, Team Angel is worried. They have no idea how to get Angel back again before it's too late. When Cordy comes up with a spell that might work, the others agree that it's their best hope. Meanwhile, Lilah shows up at the hotel, looking for some allies in her quest to destroy the Beast.
1123.	Carol (2015)
In an adaptation of Patricia Highsmith's seminal novel The Price of Salt, CAROL follows two women from very different backgrounds who find themselves in an unexpected love affair in 1950s New York. As conventional norms of the time challenge their undeniable attraction, an honest story emerges to reveal the resilience of the heart in the face of change. A young woman in her 20s, Therese Belivet (Rooney Mara), is a clerk working in a Manhattan department store and dreaming of a more fulfilling life when she meets Carol (Cate Blanchett), an alluring woman trapped in a loveless, convenient marriage. As an immediate connection sparks between them, the innocence of their first encounter dims and their connection deepens. While Carol breaks free from the confines of marriage, her husband (Kyle Chandler) begins to question her competence as a mother as her involvement with Therese and close relationship with her best friend Abby (Sarah Paulson) come to light.
1124.	Gravity Falls (2012 TV Series)
Episode: The Deep End (2012)
It's the hottest day of the summer in Gravity Falls, and the new Gravity Falls Pool is now open. Mabel falls in love with a mysterious boy named Mermando who turns out to be a merman and needs her help so that he can see his family. Meanwhile, Dipper got the job of assistant lifeguard to impress Wendy and Stan fights with Lil' Gideon for the best seat at the pool.
1125.	MacGyver (1985 TV Series)
Episode: The Widowmaker (1987)
While scaling the cliff face known as "The Widowmaker," Mac loses his best friend. Before he can properly grieve, he is forced to run from an old enemy who is now hunting him down. With the help of a colleague, Mac finds his way back to the Widowmaker and fighting for his life on the same ledge that took his best friend.
1126.	MacGyver (1985 TV Series)
Episode: Honest Abe (1991)
A man in security guard uniform, carrying a briefcase, enters a hangar alone. There is a helicopter. The man enters the code that opens a storage room door. Inside the room, he steals a book that says "Stealth Helicopter Operating Manual - Top Secret" and a key-card that opens the helicopter. He replaces the fire extinguisher in the copter with one in his briefcase. Finally, he just flies away in the copter. Elsewhere, MacGyver meets his Jewish godson Jeffrey, who's bar mitzvah is going to be on the following day. Jeffrey's father isn't on the best of terms with his own father, but Jeffrey is convinced that his grandfather will attend the bar mitzvah. Jeffrey entrusts the picking up of his grandfather to MacGyver. Granpa tells MacGyver he has to pick up Jeffrey's present from the post office. He sees a man in a suit, wearing an earpiece, standing in guard outside the post office. He asks MacGyver to pick up the packet that is waiting there, addressed to an alias... There is a tracker inside the envelope, so the suits can see that it is moving. When MacGyver exits the post office, the suit pulls a gun on him... what is going on?
1127.	Call the Midwife (2012 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #3.3 (2014)
It's Chummy's birthday and the girls have a real treat for her when Fred gets an unbelievably good deal on tickets to see My Fair Lady in the West End. The deal is definitely unbelievable. Sister Julienne and Trixie take over maternity duties at Holloway prison. They are appalled at what they find there: uncaring staff who seem to have little interest in the women's health; rigid bureaucracy; and patients who care little for health of their unborn children. One who does care about her child is Stella Crangle but she is apparently destined to give her child up for adoption. Sister Julienne does her best to help her keep the child. Sheilagh Turner meanwhile gets bad news.
1128.	Call the Midwife (2012 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #3.2 (2014)
With the clinic doing a brisk business, Sister Julienne decides to promote one of the three nurses to acting Sister. Jenny is thrilled at getting the promotion and quickly takes charge but Trixie, who is more senior and has more experience, is upset she did not get it. Jenny also cares for Doris Aston who is expecting another child. Doris doesn't seem to have made the normal preparations for childbirth and when Jenny sees her getting on a bus with a suitcase in hand the truth comes out - the child isn't her husband's and is the result of a fling with a black man. The midwives do their best to keep the news from her husband and arrange for a quick adoption, but things don't go as planned. Cynthia meanwhile tries get birthing mothers to use a new relaxation technique but runs into opposition from Sister Evangelina who thinks it's all nonsense.
1129.	Call the Midwife (2012 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #2.6 (2013)
Julia Masterson left home at a young age and never looked back. She has been alienated from her publican father who became inward looking and very sad after losing his wife and all of Julia's siblings to tuberculosis. Since her departure she's tried to make something of herself and now works in a typing pool. When her father falls gravely ill, she visits him but has no intention of staying on. Jenny Lee does her best to reconcile them and also notices that the unmarried Julia is pregnant. In the community, Dr. Turner works hard to have a mobile TB x-ray clinic come to the neighborhood. Tuberculosis spreads quickly when 10 to 12 people live in two room flats but the tests reveal that some in Nonnatus House is infected.
1130.	Big Daddy (1999)
After failing at a last minute ploy to save his relationship with his fed up girlfriend, a man ends up taking care of a 5 year old boy who is his best friend's son. His best friend is out on a business trip and the man ends up developing a relationship with the boy. Soon after, he learns what responsibility is about.
1131.	P.S. I Love You (2007)
Holly Kennedy is beautiful, smart and married to the love of her life - a passionate, funny, and impetuous Irishman named Gerry. So when Gerry's life is taken by an illness, it takes the life out of Holly. The only one who can help her is the person who is no longer there. Nobody knows Holly better than Gerry. So it's a good thing he planned ahead. Before he died, Gerry wrote Holly a series of letters that will guide her, not only through her grief, but in rediscovering herself. The first message arrives on Holly's 30th birthday in the form of a cake, and to her utter shock, a tape recording from Gerry, who proceeds to tell her to get out and "celebrate herself". In the weeks and months that follow, more letters from Gerry are delivered in surprising ways, each sending her on a new adventure and each signing off in the same way; P.S. I Love You. Holly's mother and best friends begin to worry that Gerry's letters are keeping Holly tied to the past, but in fact, each letter is pushing her further into a new future. With Gerry's words as her guide, Holly embarks on a journey of rediscovery in a story about marriage, friendship and how a love so strong can turn the finality of death into a new beginning for life.
1132.	Keeping Up with the Kardashians (2007 TV Series)
Episode: The Big Launch (2016)
When Kourtney isn't ready for a big product launch in NYC, her sisters let her know it's time to get her head in the game. Meanwhile, a very pregnant Kim accidently upsets her best friend Jonathan. As Kylie is becoming more sought after, Kim steps in to make sure she is making the most of her newfound opportunities.
1133.	Keeping Up with the Kardashians (2007 TV Series)
Episode: The Courage to Change (2014)
When a disturbing video of Lamar leaks online, Khloe must make a choice about their complicated relationship. Will she accept her best friend and sisters' support? Meanwhile, Scott's been having a hard time with his mom's death and his dad's illness, so Kourtney takes him on a getaway to a spa in Arizona. But Scott isn't the only one who needs to open up. Plus, Rob receives troubling news about his health that has his family concerned.
1134.	Not Another Teen Movie (2001)
At John Hughes High School, the students are the same as just about every other teenager in a teen movie. The popular jock, Jake, takes a bet from Austin, the cocky blonde guy, that he can transform Janey, the pretty ugly girl, into the prom queen before the prom. But two people are trying to stop Jake from succeeding: his evil sister, Catherine, the cruelest girl in school, and Priscilla, the bitchy cheerleader. And all of their friends are the same as any other teen movie: Areola, the naked foreign exchange student, Les, the beautiful weirdo, Malik, the token black guy, the desperate virgins, Amanda Becker, the perfect girl, Ricky, Janey's obsessed best friend, and Sadie, the VERY old undercover reporter.
1135.	The King of Queens (1998 TV Series)
Taking place in Rego Park, Queens, New York, a blue-collar married couple, Doug, a deliveryman, and Carrie, a secretary at a law firm, who both live with Carrie's oddball father, Arthur, try to make the best of what they got while trying to make their marriage somewhat normal and getting through tiny problems that they have together, even the occasional run-in with Carrie's father.
1136.	The King of Queens (1998 TV Series)
Episode: Gym Neighbors (2005)
Doug discovers Carrie doesn't fit in her pants anymore and wants to find the best, preferably non-reducible to him, way to make her lose weight. At a yard sale Lou offers Doug and Carrie his exercise equipment with free training lessons for the both of them and Doug talks Carrie into them taking the offer. The exercises are hellish to him and the knowledge Lou likes to play video games gives Doug an idea. Meanwhile, Arthur remembers that he never got his reward for a television quiz he was in over thirty years ago.
1137.	The King of Queens (1998 TV Series)
Episode: Party Favor (2000)
Doug's cousin Danny is getting married but Danny does not have a best man. Carrie volunteers Doug as the best man. So now Doug is on the hook and worries about giving the speech and has to set up a bachelor party. Sadly Danny doesn't have too many friends so the party has many empty seats, and to top it off the stripper isn't 100% either!
1138.	The King of Queens (1998 TV Series)
Episode: Dreading Vows (2003)
During a romantic dinner, Doug is inspired to proclaim his love to Carrie. Carrie is taken by his gesture and suggests that they renew their vows. The two find that planning the wedding is much more troublesome than expected. The ceremony is on again, off again as Doug and Carrie are faced with endless complications, including finding a chimp to serve as Doug's best man. In the midst of the wedding planning Arthur is praying that his wedding present, aged Port wine, will go unused when he discovers the value of the fine wine on E-bay.
1139.	Private Practice (2007 TV Series)
Episode: Shotgun (2010)
Sam isn't happy with the way Maya is proposing to deal with her problem and Naomi won't talk about it at all, but Sam is dying to talk more to Addison about the sparks between the two of them and Addison doesn't want to deal with that. Following the fall out between Cooper and Charlotte, Violet offers her home for Charlotte, which doesn't exactly thrill her best friend. Patients include twin girls who are terminally ill and their little brother is only able to save one of them.
1140.	Private Practice (2007 TV Series)
Episode: In Which We Meet Addison, a Nice Girl from Somewhere Else (2007)
Having moved from Seattle to LA (and her own series away Grey's Anatomy), Dr. Addison Montgomery relocates her practice in a business owned (mostly) by one of her best friends in medical school. Her first patient is a 17 year-old-mother who didn't inform her father she was even pregnant until she went into labor, while a colleague of hers deals with a patient who refuses to quit counting the tiles in a department store. Meanwhile, her best friend, Naomi, deals with a deceased patient's remains and who gets control of him.
1141.	Private Practice (2007 TV Series)
Episode: Can't Find My Way Back Home (2010)
Despite how Charlotte is choosing to deal with the aftermath of her sexual assault, her fellow doctors think they know what's best, teaming up to pursue criminal charges against her attacker. Pete gets a surprise visitor, his estranged brother, who has come to ask Pete to help release their sick mother from prison.
1142.	Private Practice (2007 TV Series)
Episode: Wait and See (2009)
Addison's caught up in the relationship between her brother and her best friend, as well as a couple who's baby is born with both male and female organs. Violet gets caught up in helping with a couples therapy group, which does not help her own situation.
1143.	I Am Number Four (2011)
John Smith, tries his best to play the nondescript high school senior who's just moved to a small mid-Western town in Ohio with his single-parent dad, Henri. But maturity ushers in the onset of extraordinary powers that are John's birthright as one of the very few individuals who escaped the genocidal rampage of the Mogadorians, an alien race that destroyed the inhabitants of Lorien, the planet where John was born. A total of eight infants escaped to Earth, each accompanied by a warrior to serve as their guardian and protector. The Mogadorians quest to destroy the last of the Loriens has led them to Earth. Three of their targets have already been eliminated. It becomes John's task to find and join with the remaining members of his race before he becomes victim number four.
1144.	The Conversation (1974)
Harry Caul is a devout Catholic and a lover of jazz music who plays his saxophone while listening to his jazz records. He is a San Francisco-based electronic surveillance expert who owns and operates his own small surveillance business. He is renowned within the profession as being the best, one who designs and constructs his own surveillance equipment. He is an intensely private and solitary man in both his personal and professional life, which especially irks Stan, his business associate who often feels shut out of what is happening with their work. This privacy, which includes not letting anyone into his apartment and always telephoning his clients from pay phones is, in part, intended to control what happens around him. His and Stan's latest job (a difficult one) is to record the private discussion of a young couple meeting in crowded and noisy Union Square. The arrangement with his client, known only to him as "the director", is to provide the audio recording of the discussion and photographs of the couple directly to him alone in return for payment. Based on circumstances with the director's assistant, Martin Stett, and what Harry ultimately hears on the recording, Harry believes that the lives of the young couple are in jeopardy. Harry used to be detached from what he recorded, but is now concerned ever since the deaths of three people that were the direct result of a previous audio recording he made for another job. Harry not only has to decide if he will turn the recording over to the director, but also if he will try and save the couple's lives using information from the recording. As Harry goes on a quest to find out what exactly is happening on this case, he finds himself in the middle of his worst nightmare.
1145.	CSI: Miami (2002 TV Series)
Episode: Innocent (2004)
Ashley Anders, a best-selling porn star, is found dead in a bush by two teenagers. Human tissue, which belongs to the owner of her studio, is found under her fingernails. Furthermore, a recording of him making a threat about her lead the CSIs to believe that he is hiding something. Unfortunately, an acid spill partially destroys the audio tape. To make matters worse, Eric Delko is being investigated as he was the last person in the evidence room before the accident. With IAB's Rick Stetler conducting his investigation about the destruction of evidence, the CSIs have to watch each others' back while trying to find the young actress' killer.
1146.	CSI: Miami (2002 TV Series)
Episode: Divorce Party (2009)
Chloroform-drugged and hanged Roger Lansing's corpse suddenly falls from the gazebo during the divorce party thrown by his teenage son Heath's mother Brianna and her gay best friend Glenn Wagner, who expected only an effigy. The team finds Roger secretly lead a double life as his own business partner under an alias, Faber, with another wife, Katherine Faber, and a teenage daughter, Amy. But who knew enough to kill the bigamist and why exactly? Because Horatio's irresponsible ex Julia Winston nearly got their son Kyle killed driving her, Horatio has Kyle recruited as autopsy intern, with his own apartment.
1147.	CSI: Miami (2002 TV Series)
Episode: Invasion (2004)
Retired surfing legend Ted Henderson is shot in front of his wife by a masked man. Horatio finds packed heroine in son Jason's room, which he bought for a valuable statue from Haitian dealer Maurice Dushamp who calls Jason his best pusher. Jason's clients were school mates, caddies, Ted's factory employee Joseph 'Joe' Zellar, and Steve Davis, who is later found with an authentic suicide note. When mother Joanne refuses a rape examination, Horatio guesses she's pregnant, and starts tying all the knots...
1148.	CSI: Miami (2002 TV Series)
Episode: Happy Birthday (2010)
Divorced Gary Chapman's heavily-pregnant second wife Heather, stepmother to Jason, is suspiciously badly beaten during a carjacking after a row with her former best friend Marcie Westerfield. Forensics and shamelessly abusive interrogation technique quickly lead to the car thieves, who prove to be linked with Marcie, as well as at least one Chapman.
1149.	CSI: Miami (2002 TV Series)
Episode: Dude, Where's My Groom? (2009)
Rich Timothy Hewitt's heiress Kim is left at the altar as the groom is missing after a wild stag night. The best man and his buddy are found handcuffed in a public fountain soiled with blood.
1150.	Heathers (1988)
A regular girl, Veronica, tries to survive the social jungle of high school by sticking with the three most popular girls at school who are all called Heather. As she meets a sociopath named JD, her life spirals into a continuous cycle of hate, unintentional murder and indifference, as she exacts revenge on her enemies, also known as her best friends.
1151.	Haven (2010 TV Series)
She has no past. She has no family. She was raised in an orphanage. So, she lives for what she does best: be an FBI agent. That's why Audrey Parker is sent to a distant Maine village called Haven, to investigate the crime of a prison fugitive. What she does not know, is that her past is connected to that village, that old threats from the past are coming back, and she is going to be a central piece on everyone's life... or death.
1152.	Pixels (2015)
Sam has been one of the best arcade gamers of his time. Once in an international tournament NASA sent the video recording of all the games to space for intelligent beings to find and know more about humans. However the aliens interpreted the games as a challenge and began attacking Earth using the video game data. It's now up to Sam and other old time arcade game champions to save the Earth from the video game alien invasion.
In 1982, the boy Sam Brenner disputes the video game arcade championship and loses the title to Eddie "The Fire Blaster" Plant playing Donkey Kong. This defeat affects his life and in the present days, Brenner is an installer of audio and video systems. His best friend Will Cooper is the President of the United States. Brenner is installing a system at the house of Violet Van Patten, who has just divorced, for her son Matty. Out of the blue, he is summoned to the White House and he finds that Violet is a military that works there. Soon he learns that an American base was attacked by aliens. When he meets his friend Ludlow "The Wonder Kid" Lamansoff, he discovers that the aliens have found a time capsule sent by the US Government to the space with a videocassette of videogame and understood that it was a declaration of war. The aliens broadcast a challenge to Earth to play and win a videogame against them; otherwise Earth will be destroyed. Now the last hope on Earth is Brenner, Cooper, Ludlow, Violet and Eddie.
1153.	Defiance (2013 TV Series)
Episode: Painted from Memory (2014)
Kenya's return to Defiance causes a stir in several quarters. Her memory is spotty at best and believes she was kept prisoner for about three weeks. She has no memory of the year she's away. Stahma is, to say the least, shocked at Kenya's return and doesn't quite believe it's her. She and Dalak set out to the woods to see if her grave is intact. For reasons of their own, Pottinger and Doc Yewl both want Kenya's memory erased permanently and Yewl think she has a way to do that. As a few of Kenya's memories return, Nolan begins to see a pattern and a possible explanation. Rafe's son Quentin reappears in Defiance.
1154.	Defiance (2013 TV Series)
Episode: If I Ever Leave This World Alive (2013)
Plague come to Defiance in the form of an Irathic virus, a flu-like disease that is deadly to humans. The disease is spread through physical contact and Dov Yewll hopes that a vaccine developed by a colleague in the Bay area will arrive in enough time for them to contain its spread. The Irathians bear the brunt of the community's wrath and Amanda does her best to protect them but the town council votes to segregate all of them in the mines until the danger passes. Soon however, they realize that Earth Republic troops are stationed at the eastern exits to the town. By the time the vaccine arrives, Amanda and Nolan are both sick and the Irathians are prepared to go to war over their treatment. Meanwhile, Quentin visits Nicky to find out what really happened to his mother.
1155.	Defiance (2013 TV Series)
Episode: The Serpent's Egg (2013)
Nolan and Amanda head out on the overland express, a form of bus service that runs through Defiance every few weeks. Nolan is there to deliver Rynn to jail so she can serve her two year sentence. He's also there to protect a suitcase full of cash that Amanda is taking to Las Vegas to pay for the rail connection to Defiance. Once the bus is in the middle of nowhere it's hijacked leading to a standoff. Back in Defiance, Irisa takes a traveling salesman into custody who she is convinced is the man who tortured her as a child, She is intent on getting revenge though the evidence she has is slim at best.
1156.	Defiance (2013 TV Series)
Episode: The Opposite of Hallelujah (2014)
Nine months have passed since the Earth Republic took control of Defiance. Niles Pottinger in the interim mayor but clearly under the thumb of Viceroy Berto Mercado. Amanda Rosewater is running her sister Kenya's bar. Datak Tarr has been sentenced to 10 years and is incarcerated at Camp Reverie, a prison just 6 miles east of Defiance. Stahma tells him that their son Alak is running his criminal empire but that isn't quite the case. Doc Yewl is imprisoned as well. Rafe McCawley is working in the mines, doing the best he can to keep his former employees alive. Joshua Nolan meanwhile has been looking for his daughter Irisa and what he's learned has led him to New Chicago and another dead end. He has more luck in Angel Arc, formerly Los Angeles, but when he suggests to Irisa that they go to South America, she insists they return to Defiance.
1157.	Defiance (2013 TV Series)
Episode: Bottom of the World (2014)
Ambassador Olfin Tennety's return to Defiance for a tour of the mine is short-lived after she dies in a cave-in. Amanda and Mayor Pottinger survive but are trapped behind the rockfall. It's up to Nolan and Berlin to climb down an adjacent shaft to rescue them. Nolan finds evidence that the cave-in was anything but accidental. Rafe has a suspect in mind. Alak has broken off his relationship with Deirdre and is doing his best to make things up to Christie. Deirdre refuses to give on him. Meanwhile, Nolan is keeping Irisa close - and in handcuffs - after he catches her breaking into the E-Rep compound attempting to steal a terrasphere. Irisa remains undaunted in her quest.
1158.	Tron: Legacy (2010)
In 1989, computer genius Kevin Flynn tells his young son about his adventures in the cyber world of Tron. He talks about the friends he made and his emissary CLU which is a program he made in his likeness. He promises that one day he will take him to the Grid, but Flynn disappears and Sam is devastated. 20 years later, his father's company ENCOM is being operated by the Board who take the company in a different direction as oppose to Flynn's. Sam spends his time moping over his father's disappearance and pulling a prank on the board. One day, Alan Bradley, his father's best friend tells Sam that he got a page from the phone at his father's office at his arcade. Sam wonders why is that so important, Alan tells him because the number's been disconnected for 20 years. Alan still clings to the hope that Flynn is out there and that he didn't walk away from his work and Sam, he gives Sam the keys to the arcade. Sam goes there and finds his father's work station and after entering a few codes finds himself in the Grid. After being mistaken for a program, he finds himself subjected to all sorts of contests but when they discover he is not a program but a user. He is brought to the head man whom Sam thinks is his father but later discovers that it's CLU and he makes Sam take part in a light cycle battle. Sam is saved by a program named Quorra who takes him to his father. That's where he tells Sam that CLU turned on him and was planning to enter their world to "fix" it's imperfections, so to stop him he closed the portal trapping himself there which is why he never came back. Sam wants to go back but Flynn doesn't want to give CLU the chance to carry out his plan, so he chooses not to but Sam defies him.
1159.	Rocky (1976)
Rocky Balboa is a kind-hearted and uneducated club fighter from Philadelphia whose main source of income is collecting debts for local crime boss, Gazzo. Despite having talent, nobody believes that Rocky can make to the pros. He falls in love with his best friend's sister and everything seems to be going okay. But things just get better as reigning the champion's opponent gets injured and Rocky is chosen to take his place because of his nick-name, "the Italian Stallion." Rocky sees it as a chance to live his dream and go the distance with the heavyweight champion of the world.
1160.	The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air (1990 TV Series)
Episode: Not with My Pig, You Don't (1990)
Uncle Phil comes home late from the office with the news that he's getting The Urban Spirit Award. In celebration, Phil's parents come in from North Carolina for a visit, and Will is delighted to learn the truth about his uncle, beginning with the information that his real name is Zeke, he was raised on a farm in North Carolina (not Baltimore), and that his best friend as a child was a pig named Melvin. When a reporter comes around to do a story on Uncle Phil, she finds nothing of interest and is ready to kill the story until Will steps in with some juicier facts. The next morning, Uncle Phil reads about his humiliating past in the newspaper and is ready to murder Will before his mother intervenes, questioning why he would hide his past and try to pass himself off as something he's not. At a formal dinner in his honor, his mother refuses to talk to him - she even passes out okra, biscuits and fried chicken to the stuffy people at the table, which they love. Phil comes to realize that his past is part of who he is and what he's accomplished.
1161.	The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air (1990 TV Series)
Episode: Nice Lady (1991)
Geoffrey's old employer Lord Fowler and his daughter come to the Banks' house for the weekend. Will wants to use the car to go to a Ziggy Marley concert in Nevada, Philip and Viv won't let him so he makes a proposition to be on his best behavior for the week. Lady Penelope winds up not being what Will thought she was.
1162.	The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air (1990 TV Series)
Episode: What's Will Got to Do with It? (1994)
Ashley's success is going to Will's head. Phil decides that it would be best if Will did not manage Ashley any further. Upset, Will moves out for weeks, but eventually comes back. As soon he is back, Will learns that Ashley's success is going to her head as well and is upset to find that Ashley is turning into a Diva.
1163.	The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air (1990 TV Series)
Episode: You'd Better Shop Around (1994)
Will goes with Phillip and Carlton to buy a new car. When Carlton wants Phillip to buy a car that Will thinks is dull, Will convinces Phillip to get a convertible. The owner of the lot offers Will a job and Will accepts. It isn't long that Will is the best salesman on the lot and he's being considered for an executive position so he drops out of school.
1164.	The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air (1990 TV Series)
Episode: Strip-Tease for Two (1992)
Vivian trusts Wil and Carlton to take her heirloom bracelet to the jewelry shop to have it reset. Before they do that, Carlton tells Wil about a hot insider tip he got on a company's stock, and they can make thousands. They don't have the money to buy the stock, but the boys figure the appraised value of the bracelet will easily cover its cost. So, they take it to the pawn shop and sell it, then buy the stock. That night, they watch a news report where the company has announced bankruptcy. Uh oh - now not only have the two lost money on a bad tip, they don't have any money to buy back Vivian's bracelet. The two scramble for ways to raise the $500 needed to buy back the bracelet ... and decide the best option is to take jobs as male strippers. When they accept the job, they are told they will be the main entertainment at a party for a socially elite organization - unknowing that Hillary and Vivian are among the guests. Carlton is making loads of money with his sensuous routine, and the girls are begging him to take it off - then Vivian walks in and demands, "Put it on!" At home, Wil and Carlton now have no choice but to explain everything. The entire story makes Phil extremely furious, and he tells the boys in no uncertain terms to do whatever it takes to get the bracelet back, or they will be arrested on federal charges. At the pawn shop, they find themselves at odds with a customer who wants to buy the bracelet ... and Carlton is backed into a corner when, after asking what he has to do to get the bracelet back, the rotund, ugly owner makes a suggestion.
1165.	The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air (1990 TV Series)
Episode: It Had to Be You (1991)
Jazz asks Will to take out his sister Janet, which he is reluctant to until she gets a look at her (he and Uncle Phil assumed she looked like Jazz with long hair). On the date, things seem to be going well until Janet is revealed to not only be a controlling nag, but to have mapped out their entire future before their first date is even underway. When he confronts Jazz about it, he admits that his only intention was to get rid of her because she was getting on his nerves. He suggests that the best way to get her off their backs is to set her up with another sucker - possibly a square cousin. At dinner, Carlton stands up to her and his defensive attitude makes her fall for him.
1166.	The Trust (2016)
Cage at his best, unveiling his true hairline, masterminds a scheme to try and score the articles within a mysterious vault he believes is bountiful as his holmesian deduction shines through while his inept social characteristics make this film an honest view of a man who understands his lot in life, but half hazzardly tries for more all the while he has been waiting, no, expecting for this moment to come: when fortune comes a knocking he answers the door
1167.	Rosewood (2015 TV Series)
The best private pathologist in Miami, Dr. Beaumont Rosewood, Jr., whose rare heart condition that could kill him at any moment fuels his lust for life, gives a second opinion when friends or family of the deceased are not satisfied with official police findings. His state-of-the-art laboratory equipment, Sherlock Holmes-like powers of deduction and quick wit are his main tools. He also relies and depends on his trusty assistants and cute couple, Pippy and TMI, and works with no-nonsense detective Annalise Villa, who doesn't always go strictly by the book, to see the case to its conclusion.
1168.	Rosewood (2015 TV Series)
Episode: Fashionistas and Fasciitis (2015)
Amidst the glitz and glamour of Miami Fashion Week, there's a plot to kill one of the city's hottest new designers, who turns to Rosewood for help. As the case takes Rosewood and Villa from the catwalk to the perp walk, Rosewood learns of his shared past with the victim. When he enlists the aid of his best friend, Dr. Mike Boyce, Rosewood unintentionally gives Villa the jolt she needs to get back into the dating pool. Potential love also is in the air for Donna, who tries her hand at online dating. Meanwhile, Pippy and TMI find their romance on the skids when Pippy discovers TMI has kept an important secret from her.
1169.	Rosewood (2015 TV Series)
Episode: Aortic Atresia and Art Installations (2015)
Rosewood and Villa dive into the hip Miami art scene to catch a serial killer who is on the cusp of creating a "masterpiece." When TMI's ex-fiance, FBI Detective Heath Casablanca, joins the hunting party, he threatens to sabotage Pippy and TMI's relationship. Heath also butts heads with Hornstock, who stands to take over as police chief if he can catch the killer. Meanwhile, an impending lawsuit against Rosewood threatens the lifeline of Magic City Lab and forces Donna to take a long hard look at the way her son lives his life. Also, Rosewood tries to protect Villa from his best friend, Mike.
1170.	Rosewood (2015 TV Series)
Episode: Dead Drops and Disentanglement (2016)
Rosewood investigates the suspicious death of a man with medical issues similar to his own, which forces him to slightly adjust the tint on his Rosie-colored lenses and confront his own mortality. Also adding to his stress, he finds himself trapped between Donna and his girlfriend/cardiologist, Dr. Erica Kincaid, and their dueling opinions over what??s best for Rosewood ??? medically and personally. Meanwhile, Hornstock enlists the help of Villa as he attempts to reconnect with one of the witnesses linked to the case...his estranged teenage daughter, Sophie.
1171.	Juno (2007)
A tale told over four seasons, starting in autumn when Juno, a 16-year-old high-school junior in Minnesota, discovers she's pregnant after one event in a chair with her best friend, Bleeker. In the waiting room of an abortion clinic, the quirky and whip-sharp Juno decides to give birth and to place the child with an adoptive couple. She finds one in the PennySaver personals, contacts them, tells her dad and step-mother, and carries on with school. The chosen parents, upscale yuppies (one of whom is cool and laid back, the other meticulous and uptight), meet Juno, sign papers, and the year unfolds. Will Juno's plan work, can she improvise, and what about Bleeker?
Sixteen year-old Juno MacGuff is the type of girl that beats to her own drummer, and doesn't really care what others may think of her. She learns that she's pregnant from a one-time sexual encounter with her best friend, Paulie Bleeker. Juno and Paulie like each other, but don't consider themselves to be exclusive boyfriend/girlfriend let alone be ready to be a family complete with child. Although she would rather not be pregnant, Juno is fairly pragmatic about her situation. Although there, Paulie really leaves all the decisions about the baby to Juno. Initially she decides that she will have an abortion, but that's something that she ultimately cannot go through with. So she decides to have the baby and give it up for adoption. But first she has to tell her father, Mac, and stepmother, Bren, that she is pregnant. Although they would have preferred if Juno was on hard drugs or expelled from school, Mac and Bren too are pragmatic about Juno's situation. The next step is to find prospective parents for the yet unborn child. In the Pennysaver ad section, Juno finds Mark and Vanessa Loring, a yuppie couple living in the suburbs. Juno likes the Lorings, and in some respects has found who looks to be a kindred spirit in Mark, with whom she shares a love of grunge music and horror films. Vanessa is a little more uptight and is the one in the relationship seemingly most eager to have a baby. On her own choosing, Juno enters into a closed rather than open adoption contract with the Lorings - meaning she will have no contact with the baby after she gives it up. During the second and third trimesters of Juno's pregnancy which she treats with care but detachment, Juno's relationships with her family, with Paulie, and with the Lorings develop, the latter whose on the surface perfect life masks some hidden problems.
1172.	Million Dollar Baby (2004)
Wanting to learn from the best, aspiring boxer Maggie Fitzgerald wants Frankie Dunn to train her. At the outset he flatly refuses saying he has no interest in training a girl. Frankie leads a lonely existence, alienated from his only daughter and having few friends. Maggie's rough around the edges but shows a lot of grit in the ring and he eventually relents. Maggie not only proves to be the boxer he always dreamed of having under his wing but a friend who fills the great void he's had in his life. Maggie's career skyrockets but an accident in the ring leads her to ask Frankie for one last favor.
1173.	The Best of Me (2014)
Based on one of many Nicholas Sparks novels, "The best of me" is the story of two high school lovers Amanda and Dawson. They both are separated by life but after 20 years destiny brings them back together and gives them a chance to revive their feelings for each other.
1174.	Liv and Maddie (2013 TV Series)
Liv and Maddie are identical twins and built-in best friends. They live together when Liv came back from Hollywood. Although they are identical twins, their hobbies, lies and dislikes are different. Let's watch how will they solve their problems between them, their family and friends and we will see how much do Liv and Maddie each other.
1175.	Containment (2016 TV Series)
Episode: I To Die, You To Live (2016)
While Lex attempts to maintain control outside the cordon, he learns that a young woman, who had close contact with an infected patient, is unaccounted for. With limited resources available, Lex is forced to enlist help from Jake, whose growing resentment towards Lex for getting him trapped inside is causing him to spiral. Elsewhere, Katie attempts to keep it together as she keeps a watchful eye over her students, while Teresa is devastated to learn that her friends may have been exposed to the virus. Finally, Jana, who has learned that her best friend Suzy (guest star NADINE LEWINGTON) is also trapped inside the cordon, rations out their limited food as they wait out the 48-hour quarantine.
1176.	Veronica Mars (2004 TV Series)
The murder of high-school student Lilly Kane shook the seaside town of Neptune, California to the core. For once popular girl Veronica Mars, it meant the loss of her best friend and being ousted from the affluent crowd that she once thought were her friends. Her father, Sheriff Keith Mars, found himself voted out of his job after making some unpopular accusations about the murdered girl's family. In response, Keith opened his own private detective agency. Now, Veronica, with her sardonic wit and a few new friends, works as his assistant while also navigating life as a high school (and later college) student.
1177.	Veronica Mars (2004 TV Series)
Episode: Silence of the Lamb (2005)
After setting up a new business helping classmates dig up dirt on their parents, Veronica uncovers a huge revelation about her friend Mac, which leaves her wondering if some things about your family are best left unknown. Meanwhile, Keith must team up with Sheriff Lamb to track down a serial killer in Neptune.
1178.	Veronica Mars (2004 TV Series)
Episode: Leave It to Beaver (2005)
In the shocking, action-packed first season finale, a determined Veronica must betray someone she cares deeply about in order to solve the mystery of who murdered her best friend Lilly, but what she discovers puts her life in serious danger. Meanwhile, Jake Kane asks Duncan if he really wants to know what happened on the night Lilly died, and Keith awaits the results of a paternity test.
1179.	Veronica Mars (2004 TV Series)
Episode: Pilot (2004)
Meet Veronica Mars. Your typical high school student and private eye. A year ago, Veronica's best friend Lilly was murdered. Her father, Keith, then the town sheriff, accused Lilly's billionaire father of the murder. When another man confessed, Keith was booted from office. All of Veronica's friends stopped talking to her, and her mother left town. But as Veronica starts her junior year of high school, it becomes clear that nothing about her life is what it seems.
1180.	Hope Floats (1998)
Birdee Calvert-Pruitt is back in her hometown of Smithville, Texas, after discovering that her husband is having an affair with her best friend, Connie. The entire town knows what happened to flawless beauty Birdee since Connie let her know about the affair on a national talk show. Back in town, she's dealing with catty old friends and acquaintances from high school who can't help rubbing it in her face that she isn't as perfect as she thought while still trying to get back on her feet with her daughter, Bernice. Deeply depressed, she runs into an old friend, Justin Matisse, who tries to help her through, but is still in love with her. Birdee must make a new life for her and her daughter, but will Justin be able to be part of it?
Humiliated on national television when her best friend and her husband admit they are in love and having an affair, Birdee Pruitt moves back to her mother's home in Texas. Returning home, however, is not easy. Her young daughter misses her father and she finds that having been the most popular girl in high school - cheerleader, married the high school quarterback - left a bitter feeling among many of her contemporaries. There is one man, however, who still has feelings for her after all of these years, but can Birdee put her recent past behind her and start a new life?
Ambushed by her best friend Connie Phillips on the sensationalistic "Toni" national daytime talk show, Chicago-based housewife Birdee Pruitt, a former prom queen, not only finds out that her husband Bill Pruitt, her high school sweetheart, and Connie have been having an affair, but that they want to get married. As such, Birdee, with her and Bill's adolescent daughter Bernice Pruitt in tow, decides to head back to their hometown of Smithville, Texas to live temporarily with her mother, Ramona Calvert, basically to hide-out until she figures out what to do. Beyond the issues of Bill's infidelity and Connie's deceit, Birdee eking out a life in Smithville is difficult for many reasons. Birdee doesn't have any marketable job skills to support herself and Bernice. Many of Birdee and Bill's high school colleagues have their own views of Birdee then and now, which taint how they treat her. Birdee has her own views of how she sees her life, it, now without Bill, not what she had envisioned for herself. So Birdee is living out a somewhat self-fulfilling prophesy of the failure that she sees her life. Although Birdee holds onto her martial vows for as long as she and Bill are still married, Bernice holds onto the notion of their family even stronger, she largely blaming Birdee for their current problems as she asserts that Birdee didn't love Bill enough for him to want to stay married. As such, Bernice openly wishes for her father to come take her away. Bernice's negative view of life in Smithville is exacerbated by being bullied by a classmate known as Big Dolores. Through it all, Ramona hopes that Birdee will get together with Justin Matisse, who, with Birdee, were each other's first kiss when they were adolescents. Justin has always been attracted to Birdee and thus wants at least to get to know a now grown up Birdee. Birdee has to decide how much she is willing to give of herself now to anyone who isn't Bill, whether it be Justin or someone else.
1181.	7th Heaven (1996 TV Series)
Episode: Small Miracles (2007)
Annie hoped letting the twins make toast for them as Sunday breakfast would secure a quiet morning in bed with Eric, but they almost give toasting up altogether when Ruthie screams like a murder-witness just because the diamond fell out of the 'promise ring' T-Bone gave her, claiming in female logic beyond his sound mind they'll never get married now, so even Mac helps looking on all four -a pert sight- while Ruthie tries to reconstruct her walks before the 'earthshattering' loss. Eric has mood-swings from confidence in God's mercy and taking anything as a sign -disclaiming to believe in those- of impending death, such as a crow [actually a raven], but still keeps working, even with Red, an old man in bad health and mood. Meanwhile Kevin doubts if Lucy's place is accepting a church of her own, while her dad is terminal, the crow frightens Lucy as a 'scarily black' species. Mac takes a dim view of Sandy presenting hospital resident Jonathan Sanderson as her new partner, dumping Martin, her baby Aaron's loving father and Mac's best mate. Kevin grills T-Bone about love, promises and intentions, with inspiring effect. Other couples draw their own conclusions for the future...
1182.	7th Heaven (1996 TV Series)
Episode: The Color of God (1996)
When the Camden family learns that their friend's church was burned down by a racist group, they invite the Hamiltons to stay at their home. Meanwhile, Simon has his own problems when defending his friend Nigel after a racist comment is made to him on the playground. Matt, Mary, and Lucy have a hard time while trying to develop a good relationship with the older Hamilton children, Keesha and John. Eric and Annie do their best to help Morgan and his wife, Patricia, get through their marital problems while Ruthie and Lynn are having fun as five-year-olds.
1183.	7th Heaven (1996 TV Series)
Episode: Holy War: Part 1 (2002)
Preparations for Matt and Sarah's wedding are being made and things aren't going the way Eric or Annie planned. Matt decides he will convert to Judaism after a discussion with Sarah's dad who convinces Matt that he can convert on the wedding day much to Eric's dismay. Annie panics when Sarah's mother tells her to expect 100 kosher guests to her backyard pot luck dinner. Ruthie and Simon begin to resent Robbie being in the house. Ruthie wants her bedroom back forcing Robbie out now that Matt will be moving out and Simon gets upset that Matt chooses Robbie to be his best man and Sam and David call for Robbie instead of him. Lucy gets upset that Kevin won't come to Glen Oak for Matt's wedding and Ben decides to propose to Mary after Mary starts giving him the cold shoulder. Eric and Sarah's dad the Rabbi go head to head and it seems Matt and Sarah's wedding won't go ahead after all.
1184.	7th Heaven (1996 TV Series)
Episode: And I'll Take the Low Road (2006)
At home, Kevin has a hard time teaching the twins pets like their hamsters are for life when they want to dump them on him; Lucy ultimately finds out their motive: they think daddy needs help. Mother Annie is furious to learn in Edinburgh, like Lucy earlier over the phone, selfish Ruthie has no interest in leaving her Scottish luxury life and privacy, even plans a Swiss ski trip, but cardio-terminal dad Eric declares he's allowed to be selfish and orders her home. T-Bone is furious when a phone-call from the girls gets his selfish mother on his trail, live- Kevin recognizes her as a whore he once arrested, but she consents with Lucy's advice to neglected son Theodore: get him legally emancipated, i.e. early majority in a court procedure. Martin's mate Mac is back, as best man for the wedding, but makes Sandy consider whether they're getting married for the right reason, love, not jealousy, an excuse to leave Daniel, etc. ...
1185.	7th Heaven (1996 TV Series)
Episode: Some Break-Ups and Some Get-Togethers (2007)
When Ruthie asks T-Bone to help her get a job at his movie theater, to earn enough for an anniversary present reciprocating his engagement ring, he tells colleague Mac that he wants to use Eric's permission to break up with Ruthie but doesn't know how. Without asking, Mac uses T-Bone's cell phone to send Ruthie a text message meaning "I break up with you", and as if that weren't blunt enough accidentally copies it to the boy's entire phone-list, so everybody knows, only Ruthie doesn't get it. Lucy is furious at 'insensitive T-Bone', Anny blames Eric fearing his permission will overshadow the couple's own feelings. Margaret is furious, feeling used, when she hears Mac has taken full credit reading the Crawford English literature paper she helped him write; Jane says that kills her blossoming love for him, Mac feels an attack by lip contact is his best shot. Kevin is very eager to become sheriff in Crossroads, where he could make a real difference, but Lucy doesn't want to move and collects excuses, so they decide to ponder their choice a bit longer. Police captain Michaels tells Kevin the job pays great, but also offers him an alternative job without moving, now he's up for promotion to chief of police himself. Martin acts toward Jane as if they aren't together, but refuses Mac's suggestion to look for a more practical girl-friend, at his college. Ruthie considers dad's advice to leave T-Bone free to choose, true love comes trough anyway; T-Bone gets second thoughts...
1186.	7th Heaven (1996 TV Series)
Episode: Brave New World (1997)
Lucy asks Eric to investigate her new best friend's white lies as to where she and her family really live and their financial situation. Matt intervenes when a bully harasses Mary at school. Simon is jealous of Ruthie's new friend from her pre-k class as she's more fascinated with him now than Simon. Lastly, Ruthie's first day at school brings melancholy feelings for Annie.
1187.	7th Heaven (1996 TV Series)
Episode: Christmas! (2006)
Eric was looking forward to possibly his last Christmas with the whole Camden clan, but wakes up a few days earlier in heaven as a rather Glenoaks-like town, welcomed by his loving mother-in-law and deceased people who appreciate the efforts he spent on them and their loved ones, and now worry about the mortals still on earth, including the Camden family which is preparing for Christmas, even Kevin and Lucy are back early from Frisco. While in heaven Eric is offered miraculous packed gifts for his family, all things he generously gave his parishioners, such as time for Matt and Mary to spend on their families and erasers for memories which poison relationships, his family decides to expand the day they spend on charity -like every year- to three: one because it feels good, one as Eric's favorite present and one for the infant Jezus. The best may be his own gift: everybody has a bunch of guardian-angles, and the experienced one in charge of his paperwork is processing an application from colleague Stanley to grant his -suggested- wish to get more time alive on earth...
1188.	7th Heaven (1996 TV Series)
Episode: Script Number Two Hundred Thirty-Four (2007)
While Eric and Lucy sneak off fishing, pretending it's for a 'church stuff' seminar, Kevin must give advice -which he does in scary terms- to poor T-Bone, whose snooty girlfriend Ruthie (ab)uses him to cause jealousy with her sort-of-ex Mac, who gets himself invited to stay at the Camdens after moving back in town only to find his reuniting parents' condo has only one bedroom, and his best friend -and other semi-ex- Martin, who gets bitched at by his baby son Aaron's unmarried mother Sandy after Mac arranged for them to to double-date with T-Bone, Margaret and Jane...
1189.	7th Heaven (1996 TV Series)
Episode: Cutters (1998)
Matt enters an atypical confidence crisis when a girl campus refuses flat-out to date him or even accept his tutoring, so he acts for 'constructive criticism' at home. Simon feels needlessly guilty when Ruthie reacts to his warning the twin babies will make parental attention scarce by deliberately failing a test to make Annie coach her, so he bribes Ruthie, who even scams him for double. Lucy's biology grades are disastrous, according to Mary due to new 'best friend' Nicole Jacob, whom she catches cutting herself.
1190.	Notting Hill (1999)
Every man's dream comes true for William Thacker, an unsuccessful Notting Hill bookstore owner, when Anna Scott, the world's most beautiful woman and best-liked actress, enters his shop. A little later, he still can't believe it himself, William runs into her again - this time spilling orange juice over her. Anna accepts his offer to change in his nearby apartment, and thanks him with a kiss, which seems to surprise her even more than him. Eventually, Anna and William get to know each other better over the months, but being together with the world's most wanted woman is not easy - neither around your closest friends, nor in front of the all-devouring press.
1191.	Trailer Park Boys (2001 TV Series)
Making money, doing drugs, and sticking together. Those are the main goals of Nova Scotia trailer park residents Ricky, Bubbles, and Julian. The three lifelong best friends create scams to make money, very seldom legal scams. This fictitious documentary follows the three as they take to their journey of steering away from their bi-sexual, ex-cop, trailer park supervisor Mr. James Lahey, and his overweight side kick Randy, being buddies, and staying out of jail..
1192.	Trailer Park Boys (2001 TV Series)
Episode: The Winds of Shit (2005)
Ricky is desperate to bail his father out of prison, but Julian won't let him cut up the hash and sell it until they find someone who will buy the whole thing at once. The boys decide that the best place to sell drugs is at a school, and they go to Dartmouth Regional Vocational School to enroll Ricky. While the school year has already started, he manages to get a job as a janitor, but wears a school jacket around the park to make his family think he goes to college. Julian's plan to sell the hash is to take orders for hash during the daytime then at night break into the lockers and exchange the money students have left there for hash, thus avoiding random searches. However, the first nighttime delivery is cut short by Ricky's panicking in reaction to 'shit-wind ghosts', otherwise known as an automatic flushing urinal.
1193.	SpongeBob SquarePants (1999 TV Series)
The character-driven toon chronicles the nautical and sometimes nonsensical adventures of SpongeBob, an incurably optimistic and earnest sea sponge, and his undersea friends. Dwelling a few fathoms beneath the tropical isle of Bikini Atoll in the sub-surface city of Bikini Bottom, SpongeBob lives in a two-story pineapple. Instead of taking the logical approach to everyday challenges, SpongeBob approaches life in a wayward and unconventional way. Whether searching for the ultimate spatula to perfect his burger flipping technique at the Krusty Krab, or just hanging out with his best friend Patrick (an amiable starfish), SpongeBob's good intentions and overzealous approach to life usually create chaos in his underwater world.
A square yellow sponge named SpongeBob SquarePants lives in a pineapple with his pet snail, Gary, in the city of Bikini Bottom on the floor of the Pacific Ocean. He works as a fry cook at the Krusty Krab. During his time off, SpongeBob has a knack for attracting trouble with his starfish best friend, Patrick. Arrogant octopus Squidward Tentacles, SpongeBob's neighbor, dislikes SpongeBob because of his childlike behavior.
This show takes place under the sea, in a little town of Bikini Bottom. Many sea creatures live there. None of them however are as loveable as Spongebob Squarepants. He lives in a Pinappele with his pet snail Gary. He lives next door to Squidward Tenticles, a boring and stuffy squid that hates Spongebob. He Also lives near his best friend Patrick Star, a little dumb starfish who really loves ice cream. He goes to work at the Krusty Krab, a local restaurant runned by the greedy Mr. Eugene Krabs. Some of other Spongebobs friends include Sandy, a squirrel who lives in an underwater air dome, there is Pearl, Mr. Krabs's teenage and bratty daughter, Larry and SCooter, who are two local beach bums. There is also Mrs. Puff who teaches Spongebob how to drive. Oh, and I shouldn't leave out Plankton, an evil organism whos restaurant is the most unpopular in the sea.
1194.	SpongeBob SquarePants (1999 TV Series)
Episode: Money Talks/SpongeBob vs. Patty Gadget/Slimy Dancing (2007)
Money Talks:Mr. Krabs makes a wish that he could talk to money. When his wish is magically granted, Mr. Krabs learns (to his horror) what all of his dollars, pennies and quarters have been longing for: they want Mr. Krabs to spend them. SpongeBob vs. Patty Gadget: SpongeBob competes against a patty-making machine. It's SpongeBob vs. a robot fry cook to see who's best, sponge or machine? Slimy Dancing: Squidward trains SpongeBob for the Bikini Bottom dance contest and ends up hiding inside SpongeBob during the dance competition.
1195.	SpongeBob SquarePants (1999 TV Series)
Episode: Graveyard Shift/Krusty Love (2002)
Graveyard Shift: In order to increase profits, Mr. Krabs decides that the Krusty Krab will now be open 24 hours a day. He orders SpongeBob and Squidward to work all night - what's known as the Graveyard Shift. At first SpongeBob is scared so Squidward taunts him by telling a scary tale about the "Hash Slinging Slasher." Soon, their paranoia gets the best of them and they become convinced someone is stalking them, waiting to kill them-it turns out the guy just wanted an application. Krusty Love: Ms. Puff pays a visit to the Krusty Krab and Mr. Krabs is instantly smitten with her. He recruits SpongeBob to help him woo Ms. Puff. SpongeBob tries to play match maker, but he screws it all up and Mr. Krabs threatens his job at every turn. In the end, it turns out she didn't need much wooing, she was into Mr. Krabs the whole time!
1196.	SpongeBob SquarePants (1999 TV Series)
Episode: Spy Buddies/Boat Smarts/Good Ol' Whatshisname (2007)
Spy Buddies: Determined to uncover Plankton's next devious plot, Mr. Krabs sends SpongeBob and Patrick to spy on him. Boat Smarts: Watch an instructional video on the best (and worst) boating techniques as demonstrated by Squidward and SpongeBob. Good Ol' Whatshisname: Mr. Krabs holds a contest for his employees: The first one to learn the names of every Krusty Krab customer wins a tropical vacation.
1197.	SpongeBob SquarePants (1999 TV Series)
Episode: Born to Be Wild/Best Frenemies (2007)
Born to be Wild: SpongeBob hears that a ferocious biker gang is coming to town, only no one in Bikini Bottom seems bothered by the news. So SpongeBob dons his leather jacket, warms up his bike, and prepares to protect the town all by himself. Best Frenemies: A new Kelp Smoothie chain is opening up all over Bikini Bottom. The chain's smoothies are so delicious that soon everyone in town can be seen drinking one. But now that customers already have their smoothie, they don't need to buy a beverage with their Krusty Krab order. This could hurt Mr. Krabs' profits, and if there's one thing he can't stand, it's losing money. So Mr. Krabs forms an unlikely alliance with another member of the food service industry, Plankton, and together the two work to infiltrate the Smoothie shop and uncover it's secrets.
1198.	SpongeBob SquarePants (1999 TV Series)
Episode: Gullible Pants/Overbooked (2009)
Gullible Pants: SpongeBob is left in charge of the Krusty Krab while Mr. Krabs steps out for 15 minutes, and he is determined to make it the best-managed 15 minutes ever! So when Squidward tells him that there are a lot of rules that he doesn't know about-like never interrupting Squidward's naps-SpongeBob is eager to learn and follow everything he says. Overbooked: SpongeBob's got a full day, and he's determined to do everything he's scheduled to do: help fix Mr. Krabs' telescope, go to Patrick's birthday party, and help with Sandy's science presentation. Too bad everything's scheduled for the same exact time!
1199.	SpongeBob SquarePants (1999 TV Series)
Episode: Hall Monitor/Jellyfish Jam (1999)
Hall Monitor: It's time to pick this weeks Hall Monitor at Mrs. Puff's Boating School and much to her dismay, it's SpongeBob's turn. The overzealous SpongeBob assumes the mantle of authority and extends it's jurisdiction beyond the school yard to include the environs of all Bikini Bottom. SpongeBob unwittingly wreaks havoc on the unsuspecting citizenry. Jellyfish Jam: Over the repeated warning of his friends, SpongeBob takes a wild jellyfish home from Jellyfish Fields. To his dismay, SpongeBob discovers that jellyfish multiply quickly, and they take over his house. The cause is lost until SpongeBob finds that jellyfish love disco music. SpongeBob becomes the Pied Piper of Disco and learns that wild creatures are best left in the wild.
1200.	SpongeBob SquarePants (1999 TV Series)
Episode: Sand Castles in the Sand/Shell Shocked (2009)
Sand Castles in the Sand: SpongeBob and Patrick decide to celebrate their friendship by enjoying a day at the beach together. But what starts out as a fun day for the two best buddies quickly turns into all-out war when SpongeBob and Patrick use their sandcastles to battle each other. Shell Shocked: Gary desperately needs a new shell, but all the shells on the market are either too expensive or too fragile. And when SpongeBob tries to find other alternatives to real shells, nothing else seems to work. Will SpongeBob ever be able to find the perfect new shell for Gary?
1201.	SpongeBob SquarePants (1999 TV Series)
Episode: Valentine's Day/The Paper (2000)
Valentine's Day: It's Valentine's Day and SpongeBob has made an extra special Valentine for his best friend in the world, Patrick Starfish. Disaster strikes when the present doesn't show up as planned and Patrick feels snubbed, to say the least! The Paper: When Squidward discards what to him is a worthless gum wrapper, SpongeBob teaches him that one man's useless piece of paper can be another man's magical toy. Squidward is filled with envy and anger toward SpongeBob who manages to have the time of his life with the scrap of paper.
1202.	SpongeBob SquarePants (1999 TV Series)
Episode: Naughty Nautical Neighbors/Boating School (1999)
Naughty Nautical Neighbors: In order to get peace and quiet, Squidward plays a cruel joke on SpongeBob and Patrick which makes the two believe they are no longer friends. But the joke backfires on Squidward when SpongeBob and Patrick relentlessly compete with Squidward to be his new "best friend". To get relief, Squidward is forced to reunite the feuding SpongeBob and Patrick. Boating School: It's exam time again at Mrs. Puff's Boating School. SpongeBob, in his never ending quest to pass the boat driving section of the exam, turns to Patrick for help. The two come up with the brilliant idea of planting a walkie-talkie in SpongeBob's head so that Patrick can direct him from afar. All goes well until SpongeBob realizes he may be cheating!
1203.	SpongeBob SquarePants (1999 TV Series)
Episode: Porous Pockets/Choir Boys (2008)
Porous Pockets: When SpongeBob suddenly becomes the richest citizen of Bikini Bottom, he finds himself surrounded by lots of new "friends" who are more than happy to help him spend his money. And as SpongeBob spends more time with his new friends, he's spending less time with his best buddy Patrick. Is this the end of their friendship? Choir Boys: It's the day of Squidward's big lead solo audition with the Bikini Bottom Men's Chorus, and Squidward is brimming with excitement. He's positive he's a shoo-in for the part. Now all he needs to do is get to the audition on time-which means avoiding SpongeBob, no matter what it takes!
1204.	SpongeBob SquarePants (1999 TV Series)
Episode: Squidtastic Voyage/That's No Lady (2006)
Squidtastic Voyage: When Squidward swallows his clarinet reed Sandy offers to retrieve the piece by shrinking herself and a mini sub down to microscopic proportions and traveling into Squidward's body. But to Squidward's horror, SpongeBob and Patrick accidentally end up in the mini-drivers seat of the sub and continue the mission on their own. That's No Lady: A misunderstanding over a vacation getaway advertisement causes Patrick to think he must "get out of town" or face dire consequences. SpongeBob can't bear the thought of his best buddy moving away, so he decides to do what he can to hide Patrick's identity from his "pursuers." After many failed attempts at disguises, they finally settle on the perfect one: Patrick is transformed into a girl, Patricia to be exact. Patricia catches the eye of Mr. Krabs and soon she becomes the most charming waitress/waiter at the Krusty Krab.
1205.	SpongeBob SquarePants (1999 TV Series)
Episode: Chum Bucket Supreme/Single Cell Anniversary (2009)
Chum Bucket Supreme: None of Plankton's intellectually advanced advertising slogans for the Chum Bucket seem to be working. Plankton decides to switch gears by hiring someone who can create the dumbest slogans ever-Patrick! Single Cell Anniversary: It's Karen and Plankton's wedding anniversary, and Karen has gotten Plankton the best anniversary gift ever-the Krabby Patty formula! But she refuses to give it to him until Plankton gives her the best gift ever, too. If only he knew what that was!
1206.	SpongeBob SquarePants (1999 TV Series)
Episode: Whale of a Birthday/Karate Island (2006)
Whale of a Birthday: Mr. Krabs wants to give his daughter Pearl the best birthday ever. While he works on the party, SpongeBob is assigned the task of figuring out what Pearl would like for a present. So he trails her through the Bikini Bottom mall and takes note of everything she thinks is "Coral." Once Pearl arrives at her party she is horrified to find that her dad's miserly ways have won out again. What was supposed to be the most fun and fabulous event ended up cheap and lame. It looks like Pearl's birthday will go down in history as the worst one ever - until SpongeBob shows up with a truck-load of presents. Everything Pearl looked at in the mall was so Coral that SpongeBob bought it all - maxing out Mr. Krab's credit card in the process. Karate Island: SpongeBob receives an invitation to take part in a competition on mysterious Karate Island for the chance to be crowned "King of Karate."
1207.	SpongeBob SquarePants (1999 TV Series)
Episode: Dunces and Dragons (2006)
Dunces and Dragons: After a freak jousting accident at a Medieval Times-style restaurant, SpongeBob and Patrick are transported to a medieval version of Bikini Bottom. There they are mistaken for great knights and sent on a quest by King Krabs to rescue his daughter, the Princess Pearl, from the clutches of the evil wizard Planktonamor. To keep them company, the King sends along Squidward, the court jester (who was recently thrown in the dungeon for not being funny). The first obstacle they encounter is the dreaded Black Knight, an ornery squirrel who fights under the spell of Planktonamor. But Sir SpongeBob bests the Black Knight in a brilliant display of Ka-ra-te, and even breaks Planktonamor's hold on her. The Black Knight pledges herself to the heroes' cause, and the group of four marches on to Lord Plankton's lair where they encounter the giant fire-breathing jelly fish. Fortunately Sir SpongeBob has just the thing that will tame the dangerous beast, a krabby patty that he was saving in his pocket for lunch. The knights finally get through Plankton's defenses, save Princess Pearl, and restore peace to the kingdom.
1208.	SpongeBob SquarePants (1999 TV Series)
Episode: Patrick SmartPants/SquidBob TentaclePants (2005)
Patrick SmartPants: During a day of jelly fishing, Patrick gets conked on the head and loses consciousness. When he comes to, the starfish is suddenly speaking in complete sentences-and making sense! Patrick is now not only smart, he is brilliant. Unfortunately with his superior intellect, Patrick no longer finds joy in jelly fishing, blowing bubbles or telling silly jokes. If SpongeBob does not find a way to turn Patrick back to his old self, he may lose his best friend forever. SquidBob TentaclePants: Sandy's experimental teleportation device malfunctions, melding SpongeBob and Squidward into one body. This makes working in the kitchen and behind the check out counter at the Krusty Krab a bit of an issue. But Squidward's main concern is his big clarinet recital that's just one day away. Unless Sandy can reverse the effects of her machine, Squidward will have to find a way to hide SpongeBob during his performance.
1209.	SpongeBob SquarePants (1999 TV Series)
Episode: Best Day Ever/The Gift of Gum (2006)
Best Day Ever: SpongeBob is going to have the best day ever. First he gets to work at the Krusty Krab. Then he is going to meet Sandy for a little Ka-Ra-Tay, followed by jellyfishing with Patrick, and Squidward's clarinet recital. But the day does not go exactly as planned. Each of his friends is having a problem which SpongeBob naturally sets out to solve. But this costs him every item on his perfect agenda. When a disappointed SpongeBob realizes that his entire day has been sacrificed, his friends rally around him to give their thanks and make sure his day really is the best ever. The Gift of Gum: It's Best Friends Day and SpongeBob and Patrick trade Best Friend presents. SpongeBob presents Patrick with a fancy robot, and Patrick gives his favorite Sponge his most prized possession, an enormous ball of used chewing gum. SpongeBob is touched. This gift is the coolest thing in the world. However, once he finally fits the giant wad of gum into his house, it slowly starts to creep him out. Maybe it's the moldy pizza or the smelly sock attached to it, or the fact that the gum is starting to talk to him. Whatever it is, SpongeBob decides that home may not be the best place for this present. But he can't let Patrick know that his gift has to go, that would hurt the pink star's feelings. So SpongeBob attempts to steal the gum from his own house and hide it. Of course it turns out to be a far stickier plan than he imagined.
1210.	SpongeBob SquarePants (1999 TV Series)
Episode: Help Wanted/Reef Blower/Tea at the Treedome (1999)
Help Wanted: Encouraged by his best friend, Patrick Starfish, SpongeBob overcomes his fears and finally applies for that dream job as a fry cook at the Krusty Krab. Challenged by the owner, Mr. Krabs, and his assistant Squidward, to prove himself worthy of the job, SpongeBob rises to the occasion, with the help of one very special spatula, by feeding a sea of ravenous anchovies. Reef Blower: SpongeBob's tendencies toward the extreme are highlighted in this four minute short. In an attempt to keep his yard meticulous, Squidward picks up the single shell sitting in an otherwise perfect lawn and tosses it over to SpongeBob's yard. Finding the perfect use for his electric, high powered 'reef blower,' SpongeBob goes to work. Squidward had no idea what chaos lay in store for his quiet afternoon at home. Tea at the Treedome: When SpongeBob meets Sandy Cheeks for the first time, she invites him over to her glass enclosed home. SpongeBob finds the biodome is full of air, something he's never experienced before. As SpongeBob discovers air actually dries up his porous body, he struggles to impress his new friend in this foreign environment.
1211.	SpongeBob SquarePants (1999 TV Series)
Episode: Not Normal/Gone (2008)
Not Normal: When Squidward points out to SpongeBob that he's not normal, SpongeBob makes it his mission to become normal. SpongeBob begins to lose all his spongey-ness, and it's not long before he's completely unrecognizable, even to his best friends. Could this be the end of SpongeBob SquarePants as we know him? Gone: SpongeBob wakes up one morning to find that everyone in Bikini Bottom is gone - even Gary!
1212.	SpongeBob SquarePants (1999 TV Series)
Episode: Jellyfishing/Plankton! (1999)
Jellyfishing: When SpongeBob and Patrick find Squidward is recovering from a bicycling accident, SpongeBob and Patrick decide to take Squidward jellyfishing with them so that he can have his "best day ever." Good intentions notwithstanding, SpongeBob and Patrick thrust poor Squidward into the far more hazardous rigors of their favorite pastime. Plankton!: SpongeBob falls victim to a scheme by the evil Plankton, Mr. Krabs' minuscule arch-rival with the Napoleon complex. Plankton hides out in SpongeBob's head and takes control of his brain. SpongeBob finds he must fight his own body to prevent himself from handing over the secret Krabby Patty recipe to Plankton.
1213.	SpongeBob SquarePants (1999 TV Series)
Episode: Friend or Foe (2007)
Mr. Krabs and Plankton have been business rivals and bitter enemies for longer than anyone can remember, but, one day, during another one of Plankton's failed attempts at stealing the Krabby Patty formula, Mr. Krabs reveals that they were not always this way. There was a time when the two rivals were actually the best of friends. Through a series of flashbacks, Mr. Krabs tells the tale of how that great friendship turned sour, and how the Krabby Patty was born in the process.
1214.	Degrassi: The Next Generation (2001 TV Series)
Episode: Halo: Part 1 (2010)
Wesley is ready for his date with Anya. He might be a little too excited when he unexpectedly gets a surprise in Media Immersion. Jenna and Sav develop a romantic relationship while working on a duet for the Wishing Star Week. But things get complicated when Jenna makes her move and we find out that the romantic infatuation might only be one sided. Jenna might be in over her head when she attempts to take on Holly J. to win Sav in a battle she might already be losing unknowingly. Later in the class Adam meets up with Fiona who seems to complain about not wanting to go to the dance because she can't seem buy this new dress. Fiona talks about how her New York parties were the best compare to parties thrown by the school. Eli and Clare take Adam to a secret place of worship. They found during their urban adventures. Adam complements them and think this is a perfect place for a party.
1215.	Degrassi: The Next Generation (2001 TV Series)
Episode: The Power of Love (2004)
The end of the year dance has arrived at last! Jimmy wants everything to be perfect for Hazel but nothing goes as planned. Sean's guilt gets the best of him and he confesses to stealing Mr. Simpson's laptop. Earning Mr. Simpson's forgiveness, however, is going to take much longer than Sean anticipated.
1216.	Degrassi: The Next Generation (2001 TV Series)
Episode: Family Politics (2001)
Toby and Ashley have just become step-siblings and moved in together, and they just don't get along. Ashley starts her campaign to be elected as school president, and Toby convinces his best friend, J.T. to run against her just to aggravate her. Emma and Manny are having problems of their own. Being in Grade 7 is tough, especially when Spinner is on a power trip.
1217.	Degrassi: The Next Generation (2001 TV Series)
Episode: Jesus, Etc.: Part 1 (2011)
Fitz is out of juvie and tries to tell to Eli and Clare that he's reformed and found God. Clare may forgive easily but will Eli? Sav needs a drummer for his college audition track but the best candidate will cause him family problems. KC tries to be supportive of Jenna but his laid-back attitude isn't meshing with her anxiety level.
1218.	Degrassi: The Next Generation (2001 TV Series)
Episode: Take My Breath Away (2002)
Manny has a huge crush on Craig so, naturally, she is ecstatic when he asks her out. Manny has the best date of her life but Craig has a different feeling entirely about their time together. Ellie starts sending "secret admirer" letters to Marco and her jealousies come out when Hazel makes a play for him.
1219.	Degrassi: The Next Generation (2001 TV Series)
Episode: Purple Pills: Part 1 (2010)
Fiona has been seeing a therapist to deal with the trauma of Bobby's abuse, but overwhelmed with anxiety she turns to the next best thing - champagne. Riley is ready to make his relationship with Zane public but when a university football recruiter shows interest, Riley starts having second thoughts. When Eli cancels guy's night with Adam to hang out with Clare, Adam makes a new friend, Fitz.
1220.	Degrassi: The Next Generation (2001 TV Series)
Episode: The Lexicon of Love: Part 1 (2005)
qv##nm0003620## and qv##nm0582939## return to Degrassi and Toronto for the premiere of their Degrassi-filmed movie, "Jay and Silent Bob Go Canadian, Eh!". The premiere gets everyone at Degrassi into a frenzy and vying for the hard to come by premiere tickets. Upstaging the spectacle of the premiere are Alex and Paige, who are each other's dates for the evening. From the heat they create at the premiere and the after premiere party, which they manage to crash, they move their evening to more serious matters as Paige witnesses the turbulence of Alex's home life first hand, to a quieter and more emotional ending to the night. On a more secretive level, Peter and Emma are each other's unofficial date for the evening, as Emma still needs to respect best friend Manny's distrust of Peter. Emma and Peter's evening reaches an almost romantic climax, this climax however interrupted as they witness an even more clandestine liaison than theirs, that between Emma's stepfather, Snake, and Peter's mother, Principal Hatzilakos.
1221.	Degrassi: The Next Generation (2001 TV Series)
Episode: Don't Panic: Part 1 (2011)
Drew asks Katie out on a first date but Katie is torn because her best friend Marisol still has a crush on Drew. Sav and Ms. Oh collaborate on some tunes. Can Sav and Ms. Oh make beautiful music together? After his on-stage melt-down Eli is trying to deal with his bi-polar disorder but feels he must make amends to those he's hurt.
1222.	Degrassi: The Next Generation (2001 TV Series)
Episode: Pride: Part 1 (2003)
A group of the kids go to the beach for the day. Despite stating that she will no longer be his cover as his girlfriend, Ellie, who doesn't really get along with most of the others but especially Paige, decides to go along on Marco's invitation. Also along as the chauffeur is Paige's openly gay older brother, Dylan. Dylan, attracted to him, suspects Marco may be gay. Marco, also attracted to Dylan, is not ready to come out, especially to his supposed best friend Spinner, who is openly homophobic. Marco goes out of his way to hide his sexual orientation. This includes showing an interest in team sports and going on a date with an unsuspecting Hazel. Meanwhile, Archie is staying at the Jeremiah's temporarily as he has a cold and Spike does not want him to infect Jack. Beyond ruining his weekend with Ashley as the unexpected chaperon, Craig thinks that Snake's symptoms may be a manifestation of something beyond the common cold.
1223.	Wild Oats (2016)
A retired widow who hits the jackpot when she receives a life insurance check mistakenly made out for $5,000,000 instead of $50.000. She and her best friend then take off, only to become media sensations and fugitives from justice.
A retired teacher hits the jackpot when she receives a life insurance check mistakenly made out for $5,000,000 instead of $50.000. She and her best friend then take off to the island of Gran Canaria in Spain, to make the trip of their lives and at the same time become media sensations and fugitives from justice.
A retired and newly widowed school teacher (MacLaine), receives a life insurance check mistakenly made out for 5 million instead of 50 thousand. Her and her best friend take the vacation of their lives, while being chased by the insurance company for the wrongly denominated check. Calamity ensues in a wonderful backdrop.
1224.	Burn Notice (2007 TV Series)
Episode: Unchained (2012)
Michael wants to see the FBI file on their investigation into Nate's shooting. The FBI agrees on the condition that Michael help them locate a criminal whom they want to prosecute. Michael agrees and he says that the best way is for them to let the criminal's right hand who's in custody escape and Michael pose as someone who is also in custody who escapes with the man who says he wants to meet his boss. With Fiona posing as his girlfriend. In the meantime Jesse and Pierce uses the info from the FBI to locate Nate's killer.
1225.	Percy Jackson & the Olympians: The Lightning Thief (2010)
When his lightning bolt is stolen, Zeus accuses Poseidon's son Percy Jackson and gives Poseidon's son fourteen days to return it, otherwise he will initiate a war amongst the gods. Meanwhile the teenager, Percy, who is dyslexic and has ADHD is visiting The Museum of Metropolitan of Art and is attacked by a Fury disguised in his teacher. His physically handicapped best friend Grover reveals that Percy is a demigod and that he is his protector and his teacher Mr Brunner gives him a pen telling him that it is a powerful weapon. They go to Percy's house and together with his mother Sally they drive to the Camp Half-Blood. However Sally is attacked by a Minotaur and vanishes before Percy can help her. In the camp, Percy befriends the gorgeous Annabeth; when they are attacked by Hades who wants the lighting bolt for himself, Percy discovers that his mother is in the Underworld with Hades. Percy decides to travel on a dangerous quest to retrieve the lightning bolt and save his mother. Grover and Annabeth join him and Luke gives a powerful shield of his own to protect Percy. Will they be able to succeed?
1226.	Waffle Street (2015)
Waffle Street's riches-to-rags tale is an adaptation of James Adams' 2010 memoir of the same name (published by Sourced Media Books), which chronicles the financier's foray into the food industry. After being laid off at the hedge fund where he worked, and further jaded by his culpability in the crisis, Adams chose to work at a popular 24-hour diner where he claims "most of his financial knowledge has been gleaned." Offering a fresh take on the fallout of corporate greed, Adams' is a tale of the redemption and unlikely friendship found under the tutelage of Glover's character Edward, the best short-order cook in town.
1227.	Happy Days (1974 TV Series)
Episode: Kiss Me, Teach (1984)
Joanie is ecstatic when she learns she has been approved to enter a student teaching agreement. Howard and Marion, however, become gravely concerned when they learn Joanie will be teaching at Patton High, a school, despite the best efforts of Roger and Fonzie, that is notorious for poor academics and overall disorder. However, Fonzie convinces everyone that Joanie will do fine. However, the students in Joanie's English class refuse to learn except for one ... a student named Frankie. Frankie asks Joanie for help on an upcoming assignment and she agrees. However, she is unaware that Frankie has sinister ulterior motives. After an attempt to get at her at home fails (the others quickly become wise to him and kick him out), Frankie makes his move on Joanie in an empty classroom. The fire alarm goes off, and everyone except Frankie leaves. Before Joanie can leave, Frankie locks the door, corners his teacher and tries to kiss her against her will. Just then, Fonzie barges in and runs Frankie off. Fonzie is left to console a shaken Joanie, who is sure her teaching career has ended before it began. However, Fonzie convinces her nothing that happened was her fault, and that during her career she will have to deal with "students" (i.e., hoodlums) whose only reason for going to school is starting trouble.
1228.	Crossing Lines (2013 TV Series)
Episode: The Homecoming (2014)
Hickman's former New York partner, Detective Amanda Andrews, is in the middle of a dangerous rescue of kidnapped young women. But, it's a trap set by Genovese - old nemesis of Hickman and Andrews -- and he's back in New York. The team flies to the States where a rooftop confrontation between Hickman and Genovese leaves one man standing. At the ICC, Dorn wrestles with the best way to break some terrible news to Rebecca.
1229.	Crossing Lines (2013 TV Series)
Episode: Enemy of the People (2015)
A noted scientist/water specialist is tasked a report whether it was in the best interest for the government to allow a river to be moved, environmental impact and eminent domain, notwithstanding. The scientist is found dead; his wife, had been on Skype or Face Time with him at the time and she called the Zagreb police. Soon, two other individuals involved with the water project are dead and the CL team is investigating.
1230.	500 Days of Summer (2009)
After it looks as if she's left his life for good this time, Tom Hansen reflects back on the just over one year that he knew Summer Finn. For Tom, it was love at first sight when she walked into the greeting card company where he worked, she the new administrative assistant. Soon, Tom knew that Summer was the woman with whom he wanted to spend the rest of his life. Although Summer did not believe in relationships or boyfriends - in her assertion, real life will always ultimately get in the way - Tom and Summer became more than just friends. Through the trials and tribulations of Tom and Summer's so-called relationship, Tom could always count on the advice of his two best friends, McKenzie and Paul. However, it is Tom's adolescent sister, Rachel, who is his voice of reason. After all is said and done, Tom is the one who ultimately has to make the choice to listen or not.
1231.	Trumbo (2015)
Dalton Trumbo is a talented screenwriter. However his active membership in the Communist Party draws the contempt of anti-Soviet entertainment-industry figures such as columnist Hedda Hopper and actor John Wayne. Trumbo is one of 10 screenwriters subpoenaed to testify before the United States Congress regarding alleged Communist propaganda in Hollywood films. In 1950, Trumbo serves eleven months in prison where he meets J. Parnell Thomas who was convicted of tax evasion. As the Hollywood Blacklist expands to exclude more communists and communist sympathizers from working in the industry, Trumbo and his comrades are abandoned by Democratic actor Edward G. Robinson and producer Buddy Ross, who disavow them to protect their careers. Trumbo's prison term eventually finishes, but he remains blacklisted and his finances and family life become increasingly strained. He resorts to giving the screenplay for Roman Holiday to his friend Ian McLellan Hunter, to take credit and a share of the money, and eventually the Academy Award for Best Story. He goes to work as a pseudonymous screenwriter for the low-budget King Brothers Productions. Over time, industry suspicion of Trumbo's ghostwriting develops, but he is careful not to confirm it. In 1960, actor Kirk Douglas recruits him to write the screenplay for Spartacus. What follows next is a story about principles and how principles can make or break you.
1232.	Office Space (1999)
In the Initech office, the insecure Peter Gibbons hates his job and the abusive Division VP Bill Lumbergh that has just hired two consultants to downsize the company. His best friends are the software engineers Michael Bolton and Samir Nagheenanajar that also hate Initech, and his next door neighbor Lawrence. His girlfriend Anne is cheating on him but she convinces Peter to visit the hypnotherapist Dr. Swanson. Peter tells how miserable his life is and Dr. Swanson hypnotizes him and he goes into a state of ecstasy. However, Dr. Swanson dies immediately after giving the hypnotic suggestion to Peter. He dates the waitress Joanna and changes his attitude in the company, being promoted by the consultants. When he discovers that Michael and Samir will be fired, they decide to plant a virus in the account system to embezzle fraction of cents in each financial operation into Peter's account. However Michael commits a mistake in the software and instead of decimals, they steal a large amount. The desperate trio tries to fix the problem or they will go to prison.
Peter Gibbons, thanks to a hypnotic suggestion, decides not to go to work at the same time his company is laying people off. When layoffs affect his two best friends, they conspire to plant a virus that will embezzle money from the company into their account.
1233.	The Hunger Games: Catching Fire (2013)
Katniss and Peeta's unprecedented co-victory in the 74th Hunger Games stirs an uprising. President Snow visits Katniss to threaten the lives of everyone she knows and holds dear if she doesn't do all she can to toe the line and quell the unrest. As her best efforts fail, Plutarch Heavensbee (a former games-master, now returned) meets with Snow to implement a Quarter Quell, by which to gather all former Hunger Game victors and have them eliminate each other. Katniss and Peeta end up in the Quarter Quell but must form alliances in order to survive; however, those with whom Katniss prefers to ally herself seem to be for emotional rather than tactical reasons.
1234.	House of Lies (2012 TV Series)
Episode: Veritas (2012)
Marty and The Pod take part in the annual Galweather-Stearn recruiting event, where the best and brightest from Harvard Business School are wined and dined. Once there, Marty teaches James, the lone black recruit in this predominantly white business, the most important thing he knows.Meanwhile, Doug sets out to prove to Clyde that he can coach any one of the possible recruits onto 'the list', while Jeannie grills a sexy, flirty recruit to see if she's all style and no substance - a stance that becomes very hypocritical when we learn a secret Jeannie has been hiding.
1235.	House of Lies (2012 TV Series)
Episode: Ouroboros (2012)
The consultants get consulted when Marty and The Pod are put through the ringer by their arch-rival firm, Kinsley-Johnson - all part of the due diligence MetroCapital is performing for the upcoming merger. Meanwhile, Jeannie does her best to keep Wes and the marriage at bay, but fails to keep it a secret from Marty. April and Roscoe bond. But just as Marty feels he has things under control at home, he learns about the secret Jeremiah has been hiding just as he receives shocking news from Monica.
1236.	Little House on the Prairie (1974 TV Series)
Episode: A Child with No Name (1983)
Laura and Almanzo welcome their second child, a baby boy. They are undecided as far as names go, and Doc Baker examines the child to make sure he's in the best of health. But one fateful morning, the Wilders awaken to find their new baby deceased. Right away, a dumbfounded Laura places blame squarely on Doc Baker, whose business starts to wane and he considers leaving Walnut Grove. But, when Rose suddenly comes down with small pox, the good doctor is their only hope.
1237.	Little House on the Prairie (1974 TV Series)
Episode: Back to School: Part 2 (1979)
Nellie is less than willing to go into the hospitality business, but gives it her best go when, in an effort to impress handsome young Almanzo Wilder, tries cooking dinner. Only thing is, Laura volunteers to cook instead and makes Nellie's meal the hottest dish in town. Later, Nellie learns that Laura is studying to be a teacher and volunteers to help her study ... but conveniently forgets to tell her that the study material won't help her one bit. An angry Laura confronts Nellie and the two get into a huge fistfight that leaves both girls very muddy. Almanzo breaks up the fight and takes her back to his place to clean up and cool off ... then Charles steps in and thinks that the much-older Almanzo is taking advantage of his 15-year-old daughter.
1238.	Little House on the Prairie (1974 TV Series)
Episode: Blind Journey: Part 2 (1978)
Joe Kagen joins Charles and goes to Winoka because they're going to have an extra wagon to bring home. They get to the blind school and see the awful team of horses and the wagon that Mr. Standish tricked Adam into buying even though his contract clearly stated that he would have the best team in the stable. Charles takes the horses into the saloon and convinces Mr. Standish that those aren't his best team and wagon. Then, Charles is surprised in Winoka to find out that Harriet has joined them for the trip home. On the trip, Harriet says she prefers to walk instead of riding on the wagon with Joe. They go about a day and a half before meeting with the train on which Mrs. Terhune's school is meeting them. She is a black lady and has about 6-8 black blind children with her. Harriet is shocked that she is not the lady she thought she was. She acts rather stand-offish around the black children, and one little boy in particular can read her behavior. He talks to Joe Kagen about her behavior and Joe, not knowing that Harriet is listening tells the boy that some people think that just because their skin is a different color they are different. Harriet is offended and later rides with this boy and Joe on the wagon.
1239.	Little House on the Prairie (1974 TV Series)
Episode: The Return of Nellie (1982)
Nellie comes home for a visit and discovers that Nancy is more of a spoiled brat than she ever was. Nancy doesn't want to have anything to do with Nellie and snubs her every chance she gets. Laura and Nellie act like they are best friends. Everyone is paying attention to Nellie because it's her birthday and they haven't seen her in a while and so Nancy is feeling left out. She decides to run away. Nels and Nellie go to look for her, and they find her and it seems she has changed. When Nellie leaves,they find out that Nancy hasn't changed.
1240.	Little House on the Prairie (1974 TV Series)
Episode: Crossed Connections (1979)
When the telephone comes to Walnut Grove, Mrs. Olesen is hired as the switchboard operator. The telephone company is unaware that Mrs. Olesen loves to gossip, and her new job will simply be another means to spread rumors about Walnut Grove's residents. One of the subscribers to the new Walnut Grove exchange is the Garveys. Alice places a call to her mother, in which she learns that her first husband (a hard-drinking, gambling outlaw named Harold) has just been released from prison for robbery. Alice - who has kept this fact from Jonathan - thinks this is a private conversation, but is unaware that Mrs. Olesen is listening in. Word quickly gets back to Jonathan Garvey, who demands an apology from Mrs. Olesen (she refuses, but an embarrassed Nels does before he reprimands his wife). Jonathan then goes home and gets an explanation from Alice; she didn't tell him about her first marriage because it was a mistake and thought it didn't matter, but Jonathan is angered even more because of this revelation. In the aftermath, Jonathan and Alice stop speaking to each other and Andrew becomes very upset. Jonathan decides to go on a delivery run with Charles to sort things out. After teaching Nellie a separate lesson about eavesdropping, Laura and Albert decide to teach Mrs. Olesen a real lesson about her behavior by working with town banker Bill Anderson to set up a phony stock tip. Mrs. Olesen acts on the tip and loses her share of the family's savings as a result; Nels refuses to sympathize with his wife, effectively telling her she has learned her lesson. Meanwhile, Charles and Jonathan stay with Alice's mother in Minneapolis and learn the whole story about Harold. They later meet up with Harold, who is working in a tavern and very disheveled after his (18) years in prison. Jonathan (who never tells Harold who he is) learns from Harold that Alice was the best thing he ever had but let her slip through his fingers through his wild, foolish living, and that the man who married Alice should consider himself very lucky. Jonathan realizes he needs to go home and make up with Alice ... and get rid of that darned ol' telephone.
1241.	Little House on the Prairie (1974 TV Series)
Episode: May We Make Them Proud: Part 2 (1980)
Albert, Mary and Jonathan - all deeply impacted by the fire at the School For the Blind - continue to deal with their emotions. Charles helps Jonathan realize that his alcoholism has taken a toll on his son, Andy, while Mary snaps out of her shock when she hears the melody of the music box Albert had purchased for her as a gift. But Mary's initial panic soon becomes Albert's when he finally understands his carelessness caused the fire that killed her baby and best friend's mother. Albert runs away, leading Charles and a reformed Jonathan to frantically search for the lad.
1242.	Little House on the Prairie (1974 TV Series)
Episode: Circus Man (1975)
Jovial Willie O'Hara, a traveling, patent-medicine salesman, comes to Walnut Grove with his talking crow and chimpanzee "circus", appears to immediately cure Mr. Hanson's incurable headache and convinces most of the community that his remedy is good for anything, and everything, that ails them. But an angry Doc Baker must intervene when Mrs. Oleson believes that the potion will cure her life-threatening appendicitis and later, Laura learns a difficult lesson when she expects O'Hara's miraculous medicine to heal her seriously injured best friend...her beloved dog, Jack.
1243.	The Edge of Seventeen (2016)
Everyone knows that growing up is hard, and life is no easier for high school junior Nadine (Hailee Steinfeld), who is already at peak awkwardness when her all-star older brother Darian (Blake Jenner) starts dating her best friend Krista (Haley Lu Richardson). All at once, Nadine feels more alone than ever, until the unexpected friendship of a thoughtful boy (Hayden Szeto) gives her a glimmer of hope that things just might not be so terrible after all.
1244.	I Now Pronounce You Chuck & Larry (2007)
Chuck Levine and Larry Valentine are friends and Brooklyn firefighting partners. Widower Larry, who still mourns the death of his wife Paula, is having problems changing the beneficiary on his insurance policy from Paula's name to his children's. He is worried about his children's future if he were to be killed in the line of duty, and is contemplating quitting his job for something less risky, but he also does not want to forfeit his firefighter's pension as he also see it as a safety net for his children. Larry saves Chuck's life on one of their calls. So when Chuck tells Larry that he owes him one, Larry takes him up on his offer. Larry's favor: despite both being heterosexual, that they enter into a domestic partnership, in name and paper only, to provide that much needed protection for Larry's children. Chronic womanizer Chuck reluctantly but eventually agrees. The one person who knows for a certainty that they are both straight is their boss, Captain Phineas J. Tucker. Their plan hits a snag when Larry believes that they are being investigated by the pension department for possible fraud, which means that Chuck has to move in with him and his kids. They consult the advice of a lawyer, Alex McDonough, who adds an extra layer of complexity to the situation as Chuck in particular is attracted to her and believes she could be the one and only for him. Her legal advice coupled with her wanting Chuck to be her new best girlfriend makes it even harder on him.
1245.	Sleepy Hollow (1999)
The curse of the headless horseman is the legacy of the small town of Sleepy Hollow. Spearheaded by the eager Constable Ichabod Crane and his new world ways into the quagmire of secrets and murder, secrets once laid to rest, best forgotten and now reawakened, and he too, holding a dark secret of a past once gone.
1246.	Tropic Thunder (2008)
Action movie star Tugg Speedman is on the downslide of his professional career. He wants to be considered a serious actor, but his latest serious role as the title character in "Simple Jack" resulted in negative reviews and ridicule. Comedian Jeff Portnoy is best known for his leading roles in sophomoric comedies, and may be less well known for his rampant drug use. Five time Oscar winner Kirk Lazarus is a serious method actor, who immerses himself in whatever the role. On location in southeast Vietnam, they are the stars of "Tropic Thunder", based on Vietnam war veteran 'Four Leaf' Tayback's memoirs of his rescue during the war, that rescue which was considered a near suicide mission for the assigned army force and resulted in him losing both hands. For his role, Caucasian Australian Lazarus even went through a controversial surgical skin dying procedure so that he could convincingly play a black man. Production is not going well since rookie director Damien Cockburn is unable to control the prima-donna attitude of his three stars. Cockburn and Tayback decide that the five primary actors - Speedman, Portnoy, Lazarus, rapper Alpa Chino, and newcomer Kevin Sandusky - need to work together as a unit as did their real life characters. The five are placed in the middle of the jungle, and with only a map and their prop machine guns in hand, are asked to work together to battle through the stunt pyrotechnics in their way. What none of the seven of them know is that they have been dropped into a real life drug war led by the Flaming Dragons. It isn't until Speedman is captured by the Flaming Dragons and tortured that they all realize that what they believed was make believe gunfire and land mines was actually real life. As the four actors try to figure out what to do concerning Speedman's situation, all five go through their own journey of self-discovery. Meanwhile, the movie's megalomaniacal profanity spewing producer Les Grossman and Speedman's faithful agent Rick Peck argue about what to do about Speedman's situation. And Tayback inadvertently shows a little of his true self.
Sgt. Fourleaf Tayback is the author of the international best seller "Tropic Thunder" detailing his accounts of the Vietnam War. Now that book has been turned into a movie. Directed by first time director Damian Cockburn, the film stars veteran action hero Tug Speedman, multi - character comedy actor Jeff Portnoy, star of the "Fatties Fart II" (more famous for his off camera drug addiction arrests than his acting), and three time Oscar winner Kirk Lazarus (famous for his total immersion style of acting) - fresh off his most recent Cannes film festival smash. Rounding out the cast is character actor Kevin Sandusky and rapper Alpa Chino, who in his spare time, hawks an energy drink known as "Booty Sweat". When filming the movie's climactic scene goes horribly awry with a pyromaniac blowing up the Vietnamese jungle side off camera, the film's director, with convincing from executive producer Les Grossman, and Sgt. Tayback himself, decide to take the film in a much different direction. Now shooting the movie guerrilla style, the actors are taken deep in the jungle. There, Cockburn is killed by a landmine, and Speedman is kidnapped by ruthless drug lords who are enamored with his box office flop "Simple Jack". The rest of the crew then has to band together to save Speedman - who are convinced they are a real army. Can they overcome their differences to become a real military unit, save Speedman, and win best picture? Or will they face the wrath of their hot headed, foul mouthed, executive producer?
1247.	Jaws 3-D (1983)
Several years after Amity's former Police Chief Martin Brody electrocuted the shark at Cable Junction, his sons, Mike & Sean, are now working in different roles at Sea World Orlando. Mike is working as a park engineer and considering marriage to his girlfriend, killer whale biologist Kathryn Morgan. Sean is also involved with 1 of the park's water skiers, Kelly Ann Bukowski. Sea World is about to open a massive 'Undersea Kingdom' which will bring visitors closer to marine life than ever before. The park is accessible from the ocean by a series of gates, one of which malfunctions. A young Great White Shark swims through the gate, and when a maintenance diver heads down to fix the gate he does not return. The young Great White is captured & placed in a tank but soon dies despite Kathryn's best efforts to save it. More alarming though, is the young shark's massive, 35 foot mother which has followed the baby shark into the lagoon and killed the maintenance diver, whose body is recovered. It isn't long before the huge shark begins wreaking havoc, and Mike & Kathryn, along with Sea World manager Calvin Bouchard and photographer Phillip Fitzroyce, must find a way to eliminate the shark before they - or the guests - become the shark's next meal.
Michael Brody and Sean Brody, the sons of former Amity police chief Martin Brody, work at Florida's Sea World, a seaside park run by Calvin Bouchard. Sean befriends Kelly Ann Bukowski, and Michael's girlfriend Kathryn Morgan is Sea World's head scientist who always works with Sea World's dolphins Cindy and Sandy. In its man-made lagoon, about 40 feet under the water, Sea World opens the Undersea Kingdom, a new set of underwater glass tunnels that have their own control room, and Calvin's friend Philip FitzRoyce is there to do some filming. When Sea World diver Shelby Overman vanishes, everyone is worried. Michael and Kathryn head into the water, where they find a baby great white shark and decide to bring it to Sea World to put it on display, but at Sea World, the baby shark dies. When Overman's body is found, Michael vomits when he sees it. Kathryn looks at the body and knows that the baby shark could not have been the shark that killed Overman, because the baby shark's bite radius is too small its 35-foot-long mother killed Overman. When Kathryn and Michael tell Calvin and Philip about the shark, they all try to evacuate the park, including the park's beach, as they try their best to protect Sea World's visitors from the shark.
1248.	Dawn of the Planet of the Apes (2014)
Some years after his escape from captivity Caesar heads a vast colony of apes and chimps living a self-sufficient life in the woods outside San Francisco. In the city itself a depleted group of Simian Flu survivors struggle to exist, their best hope being to revitalise a hydro-electric dam which will restore their power. However to reach it they must pass through Caesar's domain. Group leader Malcolm and Caesar have a mutual respect which allows the restoration to take place but Caesar's embittered lieutenant Koba, a victim of animal experimentation, has no such faith in humans and usurps Caesar, leading a full-scale attack on the city, most of whose inhabitants regard the apes as savages and a fierce battle takes place. It is down to Caesar and Malcolm to join the voices of reason together to re-establish a peace which will benefit both camps.
1249.	Everybody Loves Raymond (1996 TV Series)
Episode: Angry Sex (2004)
Ray plans an evening of sex. But Marie makes Debra lose her temper and she's not in the mood anymore. Ray tries his best to put her back in the mood. Which leads to the best night of sex he's ever had. But when Marie comes over to apologize, Ray lies to them both to make Debra's rage bigger.
1250.	Royal Pains (2009 TV Series)
Episode: Medusa (2010)
When Boris sends them his private jet, Evan, who prepared a bag of HankMed marketing gadgets, insists to hike along with hank, but unlike their assumption the destination is not Manhattan for Cuba, breaking the US embargo. Evan makes the best of opportunities, even without cash dollars, yet the foxy Canadian Mindy who invites him diving nearly breaks his skull. Hank is expected to supervise Cuban researcher Dr. Marissa Caseras's experimental drug test protocol and test Boris, but finds his patient too impatient to follow his cautious advice and withdraws indignant. Back home, Divya is not impressed with Dr. Emily Peck, the temp concierge doctor Boris hired, a whiz on paper but a commercial anti-hank.
1251.	Royal Pains (2009 TV Series)
Episode: In Vino Veritas (2010)
Tucker gets Hank to check his best mate from college, Oliver Ambrose, who has an accident with his forklift for unclear medical reasons, on the day he's to launch his winery's new range. Just now Evan sort of gives up reconciling hank with their father, a picture Eddie gives him from their happy boyhood recalls memories with layered effects. Oliver's wine taster Kim asks Evan, a natural, to fill in for her as she fears relapsing in a pallet-disabling condition.
When Tucker's (best friend returns to the Hamptons, his reckless behavior causes Tucker to suspect the worst, but Hank realizes a medical condition is to blame. Meanwhile, Divya treats a woman who fears her job as a winemaker is on the line when her symptoms hinder her palate -- but learns the problem is much less complicated than she first thought.
1252.	Mamma Mia! (2008)
Many people are descending on the Greek island of Kalokairi, specifically to the rustic resort hotel called the Villa Donna, owned and operated by single mother Donna Sheridan, for the wedding of Donna's twenty year old daughter Sophie to her boyfriend Sky. Three of the people who are coming to the wedding but that Donna doesn't know are coming are architect Sam Carmichael, banker Harry Bright and sailor Bill Andersson, none of who Donna has seen in over twenty years. Unknown to her, Sophie invited the three since she, who gleaned as much from secretly reading Donna's diary, knows that the three were men involved in her mother's life when she was conceived and thus surmises that one of them must be her father. She wants that man to walk her down the aisle and give her away. With help from her bridesmaids Lisa and Ali, Sophie tries to figure out which is her father. When Donna sees the three men, she, with the help of her best friends and former singing partners Rosie Mulligan and Tanya Wilkinson, also tries to figure out what she will do with these three. Meanwhile, the men, who didn't know each other or of each other before arriving on the island, quickly surmise the reason why they were invited, each believing he is indeed Sophie's father. As complications ensue from the misunderstandings, Sophie and Sky's wedding and relationship may be jeopardized, while, finding what is truly in their hearts, many may discover the course of true love.
1253.	22 Jump Street (2014)
After making their way through high school (twice), big changes are in store for officers Schmidt (Jonah Hill) and Jenko (Channing Tatum) when they go deep undercover at a local college. But when Jenko meets a kindred spirit on the football team, and Schmidt infiltrates the bohemian art major scene, they begin to question their partnership. Now they don't have to just crack the case - they have to figure out if they can have a mature relationship. If these two overgrown adolescents can grow from freshmen into real men, college might be the best thing that ever happened to them.
1254.	iCarly (2007 TV Series)
Carly hosts her own home-grown web show, iCarly. She lives with her twenty-something brother/guardian Spencer and produces her Web casts from a makeshift third-floor loft studio. Grappling with adolescence, she never aimed to gain fame as a rising star/underground celebrity to kids. As events unfold in the pilot, it all happens by accident when a teacher puts her in charge of the school talent show. She and her sassy best bud Sam turn the audition process into a show, which Carly's tech savvy smitten friend Freddie tapes - including their hilarious banter and great chemistry - and posts on the Web without telling the girls. The on-line audience clamors for more, and a pop phenomenon blooms, with Carly and sidekick Sam's regular Web casts ultimately featuring everything from comedy sketches and talent contests to interviews, recipes, and problem-solving.
1255.	Stargate: Atlantis (2004 TV Series)
Episode: First Strike (2007)
Col. Abe Ellis arrives at Atlantis with a new ship, the Apollo, and important news: a new Replicator base has been detected and it appears they have been building a new fleet of ships. He is under orders to destroy the Replicator base and while Dr. Weir doesn't agree with the plan and would prefer to negotiate with them, it's clear that the decision has already been made. The mission seems to go off without a hitch but when a gate appears above Atlantis, the city finds itself bombarded with deadly ray. Their first attempt at saving the city proves to be temporary at best and they are left with only one choice: activate the city's hyper-drive and leave the planet. Meanwhile, having been bypassed in the decision to attack the Replicators in the first place, Dr. Weir questions whether she can continue as head of mission but fate intervenes.
1256.	Stargate: Atlantis (2004 TV Series)
Episode: Inferno (2006)
Atlantis has responded to a distress call of the planet Taranis. They are living in a compound that was created by the Ancients. Chancellor Lycus decided one year ago to put the shield up since the news of Wraith attacks broke out, but now the shield generator is giving trouble. While McKay tries to repair it with the help of Taranian engineer Norina, several earthquakes shake the city. He finds out there's something really wrong. Meanwhile Lycus is giving Sheppard, Teyla and Ronon a tour of the facility. He shows them a hangar, inside is an Ancient warship. Sheppard and Weir think forming an alliance might be the best way to get their hands on it.
1257.	Stargate: Atlantis (2004 TV Series)
Episode: Runner (2005)
Botanist Dr. Parrish finds a dead Wraith on a planet with a dangerous amount of UV radiation. Beckett does an autopsy and notices the enzyme sac has been removed, making it likely that Ford killed him. Sheppard and Teyla and McKay and major Lorne start a search party. Both groups report they are following someone, shortly after Sheppard and Teyla are stunned. They awake in a cavern with a stranger. Meanwhile Ford stuns Lorne. He's trying to convince McKay he's perfectly normal and that his Wraith enzyme overdose was the best that ever happened to him. He thinks it's the way to defeat them.
1258.	Stargate: Atlantis (2004 TV Series)
Episode: Inquisition (2008)
Sheppard and his team are lured to a planet and are soon put on trial for crimes against the people of the Pegasus galaxy. In flashbacks, the three judge tribunal recounts the indictment against them including the re-awakening of the Wraith and the various missions where at least a few, if not more, innocent bystanders were killed. Sheppard does his best to argue that on balance, fewer were killed by their presence than would have been the case if they had never been there. A least one of the judges is clearly determined to find them guilty while a second seems far more sympathetic. It's left to Richard Woolsey, who has now joined them, to plead the rest of their case. A lawyer by profession, Richard clearly knows how the game is played and focuses on that third judge.
1259.	Stargate: Atlantis (2004 TV Series)
Episode: Sanctuary (2004)
While visiting a new location with the stargate, the puddle jumper comes under attack by a couple of Wraith darts. Already the weapons are down and the situation is not looking good. When they approach the planet, suddenly the darts are destroyed by an energy beam, leaving the jumper unharmed. Curious about the civilization possessing this kind of technology they descend to find a simple, but very religious society. The people from Proculis claim to have never heard about the Wraith. One of the monks brings the team to high priestess Chaya Sar. Knowing that Proculis is safe for people under attack by them, Sheppard and McKay ask her for Proculis to grant asylum to those in need. After consulting with her god Athar, she refuses. Sheppard does his utter best to plea their case and invites her to Atlantis.
1260.	Stargate: Atlantis (2004 TV Series)
Episode: Be All My Sins Remember'd (2008)
This episode begins with the premise that the Replicators are looking for human inhabited planets and wiping out all life. The theory being that, if they kill all humans in existence, the Wraith would eventually die out, having no humans to feed on. Obviously those on Atlantis are not happy with this and so decide upon a course of action to use two Earth ships, equipped with Asgard heavy-beam weapons, to wipe out the Replicator ships one by one, putting an end to the Replicators. Initially, this plan works, whereby in quick succession seven Replicator ships are destroyed. The Replicators respond by recalling their fleet to orbit their own planet (thinking that their combined numbers will enable them to fend off any attack from the two Earth ships). Col. Carter realizes that it would be foolhardy to send two Earth ships alone to take on over 30 Replicator ships (even with their superior weaponry, the Earth ships would eventually be destroyed). To improve their odds, they forge an alliance with the Wraith and the travelers (whom Col. Shepherd encountered earlier in the season) who agree to send their own ships to battle with the Earthlings. Meanwhile Dr. McKay concocts a plan to create a Replicator whose purpose, once beamed down to the Replicator Colony, is to attract all other Replicator building blocks to it, thus forming a HUGE BLOB. The other part of his plan is to overload the ZPMs on the planet, thus blowing up the HUGE BLOB, destroying the Replicators. This episode features some of the biggest space battles ever seen in the Stargate Universe. It is great to see different ships from different races all working/fighting together against a common enemy. It's also great to see the Asgard weaponry being used with such devastating effect. For many, 'Be All My Sins Remember'd' is seen as the best episode of Season 4.
1261.	Stargate: Atlantis (2004 TV Series)
Episode: Enemy at the Gate (2009)
In the series finale, the Atlantis team is contacted by none other than their old friend Todd the Wraith, who tells them an underling has marooned him on a planet and taken over the Wraith hive ship. As if that weren't bad enough, the hive ship is now powered by a ZPM and the super-energy source is transforming the craft into an invincible weapon. While those on Atlantis try to destroy the ship, it jumps to hyperspace and has a very clear destination in mind: Earth. Sheppard is recalled home to man their best defense while Teyla, Ronon and McKay find themselves battling the Wraith from within their ship. In the end, Atlantis must travel to Earth for the final battle.
1262.	Stargate: Atlantis (2004 TV Series)
Episode: Harmony (2008)
Sheppard and McKay visit one of their trading partners and are sweet-talked by two attractive sisters into taking a third sister on a trek through the forest to a sacred site. The third sister, Harmony, turns out to be a precocious 12-year old who is to be their next Queen. Our fearless duo soon find that they have more than a simple jaunt in the woods when they realize the Genii are there in significant numbers and seem intent on killing Harmony. McKay is at his awkward best and there is soon significant friction between him and the future Queen. By the the end of their journey however, McKay proves his worth to her, leaving Sheppard to gape in wonder at the new Queen's artistic expression of their exploits.
1263.	Stargate: Atlantis (2004 TV Series)
Episode: Misbegotten (2006)
Because of the earlier battle, Daedalus has been severely damaged and life-support is minimal at best, they decide to transport everyone onto the Wraith Hive after they've deployed the Retrovirus and all the Wraith has been converted into Humanoids again. Tayla contacts Cayenne through the gate and briefs Weir of their current status. It appears that a Hive is approaching, which later on appears that it's controlled by Sheppard and Michael. While Weir struggles with the IOA, Richard Woolsey, they've re-deployed the retrovirus on Michael and once again, put the earlier converted Wraith on a planet and monitor their status. Suddenly, a former Wraith gets murdered and the situation escalates further from there on out.
1264.	Stargate: Atlantis (2004 TV Series)
Episode: Adrift (2007)
The city's hyper drive inexplicably stops and Atlantis falls out of hyper-space. It is now traveling through an unknown and lifeless area of space with less than a day's power supply. Elizabeth Weir is in sick bay with a serious head trauma leaving Lt. Col. Sheppard in charge. The city was damaged upon leaving the planet and McKay is trying to plug as many power leaks as possible. The new head of medical services, Dr. Jennifer Keller is doing her best to try and save Elizabeth who is in a coma and fading quickly. McKay thinks he has a solution but goes against Sheppard's direct orders to try and save her.
1265.	Stargate: Atlantis (2004 TV Series)
Episode: Rising (2004)
Dr. Elizabeth Weir leads an expedition to find the Ancient's lost city of Atlantis, a journey that brings her and a carefully selected crew of Earth's best and brightest to the Pegasus galaxy, where they embark on the adventure of a lifetime, and awaken among the stars an enemy none of them could have predicted, endangering themselves and the native people of Pegasus alike.
1266.	Max Steel (2013 TV Series)
Episode: Ultralink Hunter (2014)
Feeling denied property, respect and identity, Steel forces Max to go to school in a lame superhero cape, uses his toothbrush and posts a video of him falling into a trash dump. The Balck Star Vouncil sends its best galactic criminal hunter Ven-Ghan to arrest Steel, and next Makino criminals. Megalink Metal Elementor believes his quadruple Ultralink counterpart a traitor and orders him to bring in Max Steel. Fighting off Ven-Ghan, he surprisingly manages to cage Steel, next Ven-Ghan, whom Steel tries to convince he's not a traitor and Max's best friend. When Max arrives, Steel and him risk all or nothing, while the mutually mistrusting Elementors counter each-other.
1267.	Max Steel (2013 TV Series)
Episode: Driven (2013)
Max decides to spend his meager savings on his first car, second-hand at best, as Kirby's advice is worse then useless, but Berto gives it a turbo make-over. The salesman considers $600 a steal, ignoring that it's not in his books because it was erroneously parked in his yard by two moronic henchman who were to deliver it with a mysterious content to the Extroyer. Furious, he kidnaps Max's girlfriend Sydney, so he and Steel must sneak out during his driving exam while his tame instructor sleeps trough the ensuing fight. The Extroyer gets his prize, DNA samples from the most dangerous animals, and tests some on Max Steel.
1268.	Goodnight Sweetheart (1993 TV Series)
Episode: Easy Living (1997)
Gary is stock-taking and Yvonne, who has quit her job to do an aromatherapy course, wants to help, which is annoying because Gary and Phoebe need to be at the church to plan their wedding. Eventually he gets away and goes back to the Royal Oak but the wedding looks like being a shambles as there is no best man.
1269.	People Will Talk (1951)
Dr. Noah Praetorius (Cary Grant) is a successful and extremely gifted gynaecologist, a popular university professor and conductor of the student symphony orchestra. He is often regarded as a genius and considers life is the only real priority. Noah's constant companion is Mr. Shunderson, a quiet, mysterious old man; many believe he is Noah's "bat" or manservant (Finlay Currie). Noah says Mr. Shunderson is his friend. A lovely student nurse, Deborah Higgins,(Jeanne Crain) is ill during one of Noah's university classes; Noah treats her at his private clinic. Deborah is in love with Noah. When they learn that Deborah is pregnant, she tries to commit suicide; she is single and cannot tell her father. Arthur Higgins (Sidney Blackmer) is a dreamer, a man who believes his greatest contribution to life is Deborah. Before Noah realizes it himself, he falls in love with Deborah. So, Noah tells her she is not pregnant; then he marries her. Noah's best friend, Professor Lionel Barker (Walter Slezak) worries about his friend; Noah's success, both financial and professional, makes him the source of envy of many, including the nasty little Professor Rodney Elwell (Hume Cronyn). Noah has the genius to make sick people well and relies equally upon faith and the science of medicine to achieve amazing miracles. Noah believes medicine is much more than "pills, serums and knives."
1270.	Pearl Harbor (2001)
Rafe and Danny are best friends who are also pilots. When World War II breaks out in Europe, America chooses not to join but they train nonetheless, so Rafe and Danny join the Army Air Corps. Rafe meets a nurse named Evelyn and falls for her. But when he gets an opportunity to go join the Britsh Air Corps, he jumps at it. Shortly after he leaves, he gets shot down and is reported killed. Danny and Evelyn who are stationed in Pearl Harbor, lean on each other after learning of what happened to Rafe. It isn't long that they're together. But suddenly Rafe returns. And when he learns about them, he freaks out and he goes after Danny. But suddenly Pearl Harbor is attacked, and they shoot down some the planes attacking them. Later, Roosevelt decides to retaliate against Japan and Colonel Doolittle is placed in charge and asks Rafe and Danny to join him and they accept knowing that the chances of them coming back is slim. But things between them are still tense.
It's a Sunday morning on December 7, 1941. After being presumed dead during the Battle of Britain, Capt. Rafe McCawley struggle in his relationship with Nurse Lt. Evelyn Johnson, as well as his best friend, Capt. Danny Walker, who is also taking a shine towards Evelyn. Whilst this is going on, Japan are planning a surprise attack on Pearl Harbor
1271.	Greenleaf (2016 TV Series)
Episode: Men Like Trees Walking (2016)
The church -- beset on all sides by scandal -- is hemorrhaging money and members, despite the best efforts of the Bishop. Grace learns that Ray is taking her to court for custody of Sophia, while her father still won't speak to her. Jacob's offers to help at Calvary are declined, sending him to Triumph Church and the Bishop's rival Bassie Skanks. Charity forms an idea to raise money for the church while Kevin -- who is still sleeping on the couch -- gets closer to Adrian. Mac, in jail, has questions about the existence of hell.
1272.	Gravity (2013)
The crew of the Space Shuttle Explorer is working on the STS-157 mission. Mission Commander Matt Kowalski, medical engineer Dr. Ryan Stone - who is on her first ever space mission - and flight engineer Shariff Dasari are on a space walk when they learn from Houston control that an explosion has just occurred at a Russian satellite. Before the crew can do anything about it, the explosion debris comes hurtling toward Explorer, irreparably damaging the shuttle and station, immediately killing all the crew except Kowalski and Stone, and knocking out at least incoming communication with Houston control, although they have no idea if there is outgoing communication. The two are left in a precarious position as Stone is untethered with quickly decreasing oxygen on her person meaning that Kowalski has to retrieve her quickly if she has any chance of survival. Even if he can retrieve her and get her some oxygen, they have the difficult task of trying to get to another satellite with whatever equipment is on hand, and from there ultimately back to Earth. Through the process, they are often on their own without the other leading to an extreme feeling of isolation which leads to individual questions and ultimate decisions about their own mortality and what may be best for the other at the expense of oneself.
1273.	The Waterboy (1998)
31-year-old waterboy Bobby Boucher is constantly tormented by the team he works for until he is fired by the coach. He then finds a new coach to work for. Here he finds a new talent, tackling people by pretending they're making fun of them. Soon, he becomes the best linebacker in college football, but he must keep it secret from his overprotective mother.
1274.	Ted (2012)
When he was eight years old, John Bennett, friendless and thus lonely, wished that his only friend, Ted his teddy bear who had a voice recorded message "I love you", would love him forever. John got his wish as Ted miraculously came to life, which garnered Ted his proverbial fifteen minutes of fame. Twenty-seven years later, John and Ted have remained best friends. Although physically the same, Ted now has grown-up urges, as vulgar, perverted and immature as they be. Although she loves John and likes Ted as John's friend, professionally successful Lori Collins, John's girlfriend of four years, believes that John's emotional immaturity and lack of professional drive - John works in a dead end job at Liberty Car Rental - is because of his friendship with Ted, with who he parties all the time. Although Lori does see John as being her husband one day, that cannot happen as long as the current situation with Ted remains. But other pressures may prevent a John-Lori happy ending. One is Rex, Lori's wealthy boss, who does whatever he can to make himself look good and John look bad in Lori's eyes, despite she showing no interest in him whatsoever. And two and three are father and son Donny and Robert, super-fans of Ted's who will go to any length to have a talking teddy bear as their own.
1275.	The Sandlot (1993)
Scotty Smalls is the new kid in town and all he wants is to make friends before summer. The towns best baseball player Benny "The Jet" Rodriquez takes him under his wing. During the summer Scotty Smalls get The Sandlot boys into a huge pickle when he hits a baseball signed by Babe Ruth into the Beast's backyard no-one has ever gone over the fence for fear of being eaten. When Benny has a dream about Babe Ruth telling him to go over the fence to get the ball he over comes his fears and defeats the Beast. Benny became a legend in his town and all of The Sandlot boys lived happily ever after.
1276.	The Room (2003)
In San Francisco, we follow Johnny, a man who has a girlfriend, Lisa, and also his best friend, Mark. Lisa has been cheating on Johnny with Mark and Johnny doesn't know! Will Johnny ever find out? Will Mark still be Johnny's best friend?
Johnny is a successful banker with great respect for and dedication to the people in his life, especially his future wife Lisa. Johnny can also be a little too trusting at times which haunts him later on. Lisa is a beautiful blonde fiance of Johnny. She has always gotten her way and will manipulate to get what she wants. She is a taker, with a double personality, and her deadly schemes lead to her own downfall. Mark is a young, successful and independent best friend of Johnny. He has a good heart, but gets caught up in Lisa's dangerous web and gives into temptation. This eventually brings him to great loss. Claudette is the classy, sophisticated mother of Lisa who has had disappointing relationships in her life. She wants her daughter to be married as soon as possible so she can benefit. Denny is an orphan boy, naive and confused about life, love, and friendship. Denny is very ambitious and also very grateful to the people that are in his life. "The Room" depicts the depths of friendship and relationships in one's life and raises life's real and most asked question: "Can you ever really trust anyone?"
1277.	Saturday Night Live (1975 TV Series)
Episode: Katy Perry/Robyn (2011)
After Greta Van Susteren interviews Donald Trump, Katy Perry hosts. She's an MSNBC commentator on Al Sharpton's show, Florence Welch in a promo for a dog film's soundtrack, Duchess Catherine's raucous sister Pippa having a chat with the Queen, Christina Aguilera in a promo for "The Apocalypse", and a Hello Kitty aficionado on MSU's campus parody of Japanese pop. She also sings about best friends, chats with Kalle, an eerie and robotic Finnish talk show host, and finds her soul mate at a bar while a jazz trio plays. On "Weekend Update," an American Airlines pilot apologizes to Alec Baldwin. Cameos by Matt Damon, Val Kilmer, Darrell Hammond, and Alec Baldwin. Robyn performs.
1278.	Saturday Night Live (1975 TV Series)
Episode: Jon Hamm/Coldplay (2008)
Check out selected sketches from an all-new SNL this week featuring host Jon Hamm, star of AMC's hit show "Mad Men." Hamm received critical acclaim for his portrayal of 1960s advertising executive Don Draper, including the 2008 Golden Globe for Best Performance by an Actor in a Television Series.
1279.	Saturday Night Live (1975 TV Series)
Episode: Bill Murray/The Spinners/Yale Whiffenpoofs (1981)
The host for the episode is Bill Murray (his second appearance as host), and the musical guests are The Spinners. The skits for this episode are as follows: The phone company admits that its highly touted technological breakthroughs are just hot air used to justify rate increases. During his opening monologue, Bill Murray introduces his best friend, Santa Claus. Tomorrow host Tom Snyder sulks. Father Guido Sarducci talks about the benefits of MX-5 tampons. During the Weekend Update, Brian Doyle-Murray reports on the proper spelling of the name of Libya's leader and an attempt in Arkansas to have creationism taught as science, and Joe Piscopo interviews an aging Muhammad Ali to find out if the legendary boxer is still the greatest. A skit features Christie Brinkley for designer fairy tales. Father Guido Sarducci returns to make his predictions for the coming year. A skit looks at the home life of a family of psychos. Honker gives his views on the economics of Christmas. The Spinners perform a "Then Came You", "I'll Be Around" and "Working My Way Back to You". Michael Davis and the Yale Whiffenpoofs made credited guest appearances.
1280.	Saturday Night Live (1975 TV Series)
Episode: Richard Dreyfuss/Jimmy Buffett, Gary Tigerman (1978)
The host for the episode is Richard Dreyfuss, and the musical guests are Jimmy Buffett and Gary Tigerman. The skits for this episode are as follows: A presentation on Paraquat shows how the chemically treated marijuana makes its way into the U.S. Richard Dreyfuss performs Hamlet for his opening monologue after John Belushi taunts him over his Best Actor Oscar, but ends up in a fight with John instead. A man obsessed with a tower-like vision he had sees Beldar Conehead in a TV commercial and rushes to the Conehead household just as an emissary is arriving from Remulak. Dreyfuss tests viewers on their knowledge of sex. During the Weekend Update, Bill Murray heckles Richard Dreyfuss during his review of the Oscar winners, and Jane Curtain snaps at Roseanne Roseannadanna for getting sidetracked about rude bodily functions. Nick the lounge singer entertains couples at a honeymoon resort. David Susskind interviews celebrities together with their mothers. Father Guido Sarducci gives the report on things at the Vatican. Jimmy Buffett performs "Son of a Son of a Sailor", Gary Tigerman performs "White Oaxacan Moon", and Richard Dreyfuss performs "I Want to Be Seduced".
1281.	Saturday Night Live (1975 TV Series)
Episode: Hugh Jackman/Mick Jagger (2001)
Austrialian actor Hugh Jackman hosts this entertaining Christmas installment, with musical guest Mick Jagger. The "cold opening" features Will Farrell as George W. Bush, and Daryl Hammond as Al Gore speaking on the phone, as Gore hopes to negotiate possible new role for himself in the White House. Condy Rice and Dick Cheney listen bored, and Donald Rumsfeld eventually cuts the meeting short. In the opening monologue, after discarding other ideas, Hugh Jackman launches into a heartfelt rendition of "Have Yourself A Merry Little Christmas," backed up by the ladies in the cast. Skits include "Jared's Room," the web-cast from dread-locked Jimmy Fallon's dorm room, with Horatio Sanz as his stoner buddy, and Jackman as the nerd in the room next door. Jeff Richards as "Drunk Girl" makes a hilarious appearance on "Weekend Update." Next Jackman plays a doll designer in "Hello Dolly," where he presents some baby dolls doing unusual activities. Soon Jimmy Fallon and Mick Jagger square off through a mirror, as Fallon expertly imitates the rock icon as they both try to decide what moves to use on the program. Maya Rudolph aptly lampoons Donatella Versace, smoking in her bathtub as she interviews guests on her self-promoting show. Jackman plays a hot German male model (who's stayed with Donatella for eight months), and Mick Jagger does an expert Karl Lagerfeld. Lastly, Hugh Jackman recalls his Christmases in Australia, where a boxing kangaroo would visit each year. When Jackman's Dad, portrayed by Will Farrell, failed to best the kangaroo in a bout, the beast would take unfair advantage of the Dad in a rude way. Eventually, the young Jackman and his sister wonder if their Dad isn't purposely letting the kangaroo win.
1282.	Saturday Night Live (1975 TV Series)
Episode: Dwayne Johnson/Ray LaMontagne (2009)
Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson's third time hosting. Sketches include: A Message from the Secretary of the Treasury, Dwayne Johnson Monologue, MacGruber I (featuring Richard Dean Anderson), The Rock Obama, MacGruber II, Activia Commercial Shoot, Hawaiian Bar, MacGruber III, Weekend Update with Seth Meyers, Weekend Update: Michael Steele, Weekend Update: Cathy (featuring Justin Timberlake, with Jessica Biel cameo), Weekend Update: Bon Jovi Opposite Band, Game Time With Dave And Greg, Apprentice Commercial Shoot, Lighthouse Date. Ray LaMontagne performs "You Are The Best Thing" and "Trouble".
1283.	Saturday Night Live (1975 TV Series)
Episode: Josh Hutcherson/HAIM (2013)
Sketches include Piers Morgan Cold Open, Josh Hutcherson Monologue, Girlfriends Talk Show, Office Boss, Matchbox 3, Weekend Update with guest The Worst Lady on an Airplane, Josie's Younger Brother, Best Buy, Dancing, Animal Hospital, Bugs, and Thanksgiving Guest.
1284.	Saturday Night Live (1975 TV Series)
Episode: Bradley Cooper/TV on the Radio (2009)
Sketches include: Bipartisanship, Bradley Cooper Monologue (with James Lipton cameo), Today, I'm Gonna Have Sex With Your Wife, An SNL Digital Short: I'm On A Boat, Song Memories, Weekend Update with Seth Meyers, Weekend Update: Mark Spitz on Michael Phelps, Weekend Update: James Harrison, Weekend Update: Really?!? with Seth Meyers on Michael Phelps, Weekend Update: Bjork on the Icelandic Economy, Admirals Locker Room, Bad Guys Good Conversation, Intervention, No Bruce Let Me Finish: The Best Of Celebrity Tirades. TV On The Radio performs "Golden Age" and "Dancing Choose".
1285.	Saturday Night Live (1975 TV Series)
Episode: Blythe Danner/Rickie Lee Jones (1982)
The host for the episode is Blythe Danner, and the musical guest is Rickie Lee Jones (her second appearance). The skits for this episode are as follows: Lorne Greene pitches Alpo dog food, only to be attacked by his canine co-star. During Blythe Danner's opening monologue, Mary Gross confuses her with another actress and presses her to do a series of impressions of famous women. Americans everywhere rush out into the streets to announce that they're gay. A couple embraces celibacy until they inadvertently discover that neither of them wanted to give up sex in the first place. Geraldo Rivera, searching for sensationalist conspiracies, ransacks a hospital delivery room during a birth. Colonel Khadaffi promotes his new line of designer clothes. A reclusive and deranged poet lives hidden away until an ex-con poet breaks into her house and they start comparing poems. A couple at a dance party explain the 50's have returned for the 80's. During the Weekend Update, Mary Gross reports on location for the landing of the Space Shuttle, fashion critic Yvonne Spike DeMouchier rips the poor fashion choices made by the Best Actress nominees, Joe Piscopo declares Georgetown the NCAA champions based on the attractiveness of the female students, and Brian Doyle-Murray congratulates brother Bill Murray on the birth of his son. Tom Snyder, now hosting a children's show, interviews an aging Gumby about the scandals going on in cartoons. Princess Diana takes questions from viewers on a variety of subjects. Blythe asks people to please support serious theater so that other actresses won't be forced to appear on SNL to survive. Rickie Lee Jones performs "Pirates (So Long Lonely Avenue)", "Lush Life" and "Woody & Dutch On The Slow Train To Peking".
1286.	Saturday Night Live (1975 TV Series)
Episode: Anne Hathaway/Rihanna (2012)
After a defeated Mitt Romney (Sudeikis) goes on a lactose binge, Anne Hathaway hosts: the SNL cast joins her in a faux song from "Les Mis," and she plays a new best friend on a teen talk show, a woman transfixed by a dancing Japanese zombie, a McDonald's manager about to announce layoffs, an addled Carrie Mathison in a spoof of "Homeland," Katie Holmes guesting on "Ellen," and the woman posing for Grant Woods's "American Gothic." President Obama (Pharoah), two gay lobstermen from Maine, and Drunk Uncle appear on "Weekend Update." Rihanna sings "Diamonds" and "Stay." Flaritin, a pill for fake allergies, sponsors the show.
1287.	Saturday Night Live (1975 TV Series)
Episode: Raquel Welch/Phoebe Snow, John Sebastian (1976)
The host for the episode is Raquel Welch, and the musical guests are Phoebe Snow (her second appearance) and John Sebastian. The skits for this episode are as follows: Chevy Chase presents the an award for best performance by a political actor, but becomes angered when he gets handed a card telling him to stop talking and just do the fall already. During Raquel Welch's monologue, she is joined by Joe Cocker in a duet performance of "Superstar". An ad pitches a new Purina pet food for rats. A spokesman from the U.S. Council of Standards and Measures presents a new streamlined metric alphabet. Two sportscasters present the results from the Claudine Longet Ski Invitational, in which every competitor gets 'accidentally' shot by Claudine as they go down the slope. During the weekend update, Laraine Newman looks at the results of the preliminary party elections and Baba Wawa complains about Tom Snyder's hair. Producer Lorne Michaels makes an offer to pay the Beatles $3000 if the come on the show to give a reunion performance. At a mental hospital, the Bees want to watch the Academy Awards, but the evil Nurse Ratched won't let them. Raquel Welch performs "Ain't Necessarily So", Phoebe Snow performs "All Over" and "Two-Fisted Love", John Sebastian performs "Welcome Back".
1288.	Saturday Night Live (1975 TV Series)
Episode: George Kennedy/Miles Davis (1981)
The host for the episode is George Kennedy, and the musical guest is Miles Davis. The skits for this episode are as follows: While taping a game show, all the cameras go out and the technicians all have heart attacks, so George Kennedy has to take charge and talk the show through to safety. Mr. Robinson presents some more characters from his neighborhood, including the landlord he's always trying to avoid. Andy Rooney shares more of his disorganized thoughts. Velvet Jones invites students to enroll in his school of technology. Harry Anderson does a stand-up act. Mr. Bill goes to Los Angeles, but his troubles follow right behind him. Kids are all playing with the new Rubik's Teeth toy. An advertisement pitches new spray-on Laetril. Marilyn Monroe sings "Downers are a girl's best friend". Miles Davis performs "Jean-Pierre".
1289.	Saturday Night Live (1975 TV Series)
Episode: Anna Kendrick/Pharrell Williams (2014)
Anna Kendrick, Academy Award nominated actress, hosts for the first time, and Pharrell Williams performed "Happy" and "Marilyn Monroe." Sketches included GM Hearings, Anna Kendrick Monologue, Fox & Friends, Dongs All Over the World, Little Mermaid, Flirty, Weekend Update: German Chancellor Angela Merkel and George R.R. Martin, French Dance, Principal Frye Field Trip, Big Joe, Twins, and Best of the Whites.
1290.	Saturday Night Live (1975 TV Series)
Episode: Jason Bateman/Kelly Clarkson (2005)
Sketches include: NBC Special Report: Kim Jong Il, Jason Bateman Monologue, Me-Harmony.com, Monkeys Throwing Poop at Celebrities, An Important Moment In Black History I, The Best of T.T. and Mario, The Subway, An Important Moment In Black History II, Weekend Update with Prince Charles and Camilla Parker-Bowles, Gays in Space, Gibson Studios, An Important Moment In Black History III, Rap Night with Chubb Hotty, Public Speaking Class.
1291.	Saturday Night Live (1975 TV Series)
Episode: Lena Dunham/The National (2014)
Lena Dunham, Golden Globe winning creator and star of HBO's "Girls," hosts for the first time, and The National performed "Graceless" and "I Need My Girl." Sketches included Obama Ukraine Address, Lena Dunham Monologue, Ooh Child, Scandal, What's Poppin', Biblical Movie, What Are You Even Doing, Weekend Update: Matthew McConaughey and Vladimir Putin's Best Friends Growing Up, Jewelry Party, The Katt Williams Show, and Over Explainers
1292.	Saturday Night Live (1975 TV Series)
Episode: Jason Lee/Foo Fighters (2005)
Sketches include "Hardball", "JJ Casuals", "Good Morning Meth", "The Falconer", "Thomas & Dobbins", "The Soaking Wet Killer", "Refurbishments", "Butt Pregnancy", "Stachin'", "McNutly & Sons", and "American Tasar". Foo Fighters perform "DOA" and "Best of You".
1293.	The Little Rascals (1994)
The story begins with Spanky, who is the president of the "He-Man Woman Haters Club" with many school-aged boys from around the neighborhood as members. His best friend, Alfalfa, has been chosen as the driver for the club's prize-winning go-kart, called "The Blur", in the annual Soap Box Derby style race. However, when the announcement is made, Alfalfa is nowhere to be found. The boys catch Alfalfa in the company of Darla -- "a girl!" Alfalfa isn't like his friends because he's in love with Darla, and unfortunately threatens the very existence of their "boys only" club. The club's members try their hardest to break the two apart, eventually causing their beloved clubhouse to burn down. Darla is mistakenly led to believe Alfalfa feels ashamed of her, so she turns her attentions to Waldo, the new rich kid whose father is an oil tycoon. Further trouble ensures when their prized go-cart "The Blur" is stolen by local neighborhood bullies Butch and Woim. How can they win the big race and its prize trophy?! In addition to having to rebuild the clubhouse, the boys now need a new set of wheels. They band together to build "Blur 2: The Sequel." Prior to race day, Spanky and Alfalfa reconcile and decide to ride in the two-seat go-kart together.
1294.	The Princess Diaries (2001)
Mia Thermopolis is the average teenager - sweet, a little geeky and pretty much invisible to everyone with the exception of her mother, best friend Lilly and Lilly's older brother Michael. Making it through high school without throwing up is a challenge in itself for Mia, so it doesn't come as welcome news when her estranged grandmother shows up out of the blue and calmly informs her that she is in fact the heir to the throne of a European country called Genovia. Suddenly Mia's life is thrown into complete overload. She's being taught about scarves, waves and pears in order to become a perfect princess, she gets a makeover and a tough looking yet sweet bodyguard/limo driver called Joe. Things get out of hand when the media gets a hold of the story and suddenly Mia is thrust into the spotlight in both the newspapers and in school. On top of all that Mia has a choice to make. She must decide by Genovia's Independence Day Ball whether she longs to relinquish her claim on the throne or to become the princess and heir to the throne her father and grandmother want her to be.
1295.	The Other Guys (2010)
Officers Danson and Highsmith are the two best cops that New York City has to offer. However when they take on an assignment that proves for them to be too much to handle, they are killed in the line of duty. With New York now devoid of its heroes, a void needs to be filled. The entire department is scrambling to fill the fallen heroes' shoes. But now Alan Gamble, a seemingly bland and dull forensics accountant, and his partner Terry Hoitz, who earned the nickname "The Yankee Clipper" and is universally known for having shot Derek Jeter during game 7 of the World Series, have broken the case open thanks to Gamble's investigation of faulty scaffolding equipment. Now desperate to see some action, Gamble and Hoitz will leave their desks to take on the case of a lifetime that will see their partnership come to the ultimate test, as well as the relationships they have with their significant others. Will Gamble and Hoitz live to tell about it, or will they just be the other guys?
1296.	Casino (1995)
In 1975, bookie and expert handicapper Sam Rothstein - Ace to his friends - goes somewhat legitimate when the Chicago based Italian Mafia hires him to run the Tangiers Casino on the Las Vegas Strip. Ace can do the job, applying for his gaming license despite his past, while having his ever changing job title be anything but running the casino and the actual license getting lost in the never ending process. Ace's best friend from childhood Nicky Santoro, eventually comes along for the ride, he who the Mafia hires to be Ace and the organization's unofficial protector. Ace is able to make a success of the casino, which includes the process of the Mafia bosses being able to skim profits off the top, while making the entire business look legitimate to the authorities. Ace's success is placed into jeopardy by Nicky, not only by his reckless, violent, volatile and ruthless behavior, but also by his want to eke out his own gangster fiefdom in Las Vegas. It is also placed into jeopardy by who becomes Ace's wife, Ginger McKenna, who he knew was a hustler when he married her and who he wants to trust in every aspect of the word in his love for her. She ends up being a self-destructive woman, her primary weakness being in wanting to help a friend, a hanger-on and loser named Lester Diamond.
1297.	A Nightmare on Elm Street (1984)
In the early 1980's, a psychopath named Freddy Krueger - known as the Springwood Slasher - murdered several children with a glove outfitted with straight razor blades attached to the fingers. When a foolish decision by a judge sets him free, Krueger is burned alive in the boiler room where he worked by an angry mob of the parents whose children he terrorized & murdered. Years after his death, the children whose parents were responsible for Krueger's death - including Nancy Thompson, daughter of the police officer who arrested Krueger - are experiencing terrifying nightmares involving a burned man wearing a glove with razor blades on the fingers. The ghost of Freddy Krueger is haunting their dreams, and when Nancy's best friend Tina dies in her sleep violently during a dream confrontation with Krueger, Nancy realizes she must find a way to stop the evil psychopath's reign of terror - or never sleep again...
1298.	Halloween (1978)
On Halloween 1963, the small town of Haddonfield is shocked when six-year-old Michael Myers returns from trick-or-treating and for some unknown reason stabs his older sister to death with a big kitchen knife and is found by his parents staring into space with the bloody knife in his hand. Sent to a mental institution, Michael spends the next 15 years just sitting, still staring into space despite the best efforts of his Doctor, Dr. Samuel Loomis. Now, on October 30th 1978, something triggers Michael off and during a storm manages to steal a car from Dr. Loomis and Nurse Marion (who was coming to take Michael to court to keep him locked up) and goes back to Haddonfield where he steals a white mask. There, Laurie Stode, Micheal's younger sister, finds that Michael is stalking her during the day (at school, at her home etc - but she doesn't know who he is.) As Dr. Loomis arrives and with the sheriff frantically looks for Michael he doesn't know that Laurie is baby-sitting Lindsey and Tommy and that Laurie's friends Annie, Lynda and Bob are disappearing one by one.
1299.	Monsters, Inc. (2001)
A city of monsters with no humans called Monstropolis centers around the city's power company, Monsters, Inc. The lovable, confident, tough, furry blue behemoth-like giant monster named James P. Sullivan (better known as Sulley) and his wisecracking best friend, short, green cyclops monster Mike Wazowski, discover what happens when the real world interacts with theirs in the form of a 2-year-old baby girl dubbed "Boo," who accidentally sneaks into the monster world with Sulley one night. And now it's up to Sulley and Mike to send Boo back in her door before anybody finds out, especially two evil villains such as Sulley's main rival as a scarer, chameleon-like Randall (a monster that Boo is very afraid of), who possesses the ability to change the color of his skin, and Mike and Sulley's boss Mr. Waternoose, the chairman and chief executive officer of Monsters, Inc.
1300.	Outlaws and Angels (2016)
After the bloody and successful robbery of the bank of Cuchillo in New Mexico, Henry's gang fled the scene and cautiously headed to the borders for a safe split of the loots. On their trail is Josiah, a competent bounty hunter, who with the aid of a few men, is trying to arrest them and collect the bounty. The night falls, and a seemingly isolated farmhouse looks like the best hideout for the gang to spend the night and carry on fresh in the morning. Unfortunately, there lives the family of pastor George Tildon, a religious man who lives by the word of God. The night seems to be very long and the tension keeps building, but it will be the morning sun that will shed light on hidden secrets and the darkness within them all.
1301.	Gone Baby Gone (2007)
Patrick, a blue collar punk PI with very little education and no law enforcement experience and Angie, his more refined and realistic girlfriend get involved in a child kidnapping case, which goes badly. Patrick commits murder for a good cause but he wants it all his way: he refuses to learn from his many mistakes and sheer lack of knowledge. Soon, good (and bad) men are dead or behind bars and families are destroyed. Angie is forced to leave Patrick because the concept: best interest of the child becomes so much more than the sum of the words to her.
1302.	Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels (1998)
Eddy has been known as a cardsharp since he was young. So he and his three friends Soap, Tom and Bacon all decide to chip in $25,000 each to allow him to play in an illegal high-roller game run by one of the local villains, Hatchet Harry. However, Eddy didn't realize the game was crooked and he ends up owing Harry $500,000 with dire threats about losing his fingers one at a time if he doesn't pay within a week! Eddy and his friends discuss various completely illegal schemes to obtain the money and eventually decide to rip-off the gang of thieves next door who themselves are planning to raid a clandestine drug growing operation which keeps all of its money in shoe boxes where they grow the cannabis plants. The scheme is simple enough but the best laid plans of mice and men always seems to go awry as does this one. As extreme chaos breaks loose the violence and associated body count spiral out of control, Eddy and his friends realize that they are out of their depth and desperately try to find a way out before they too find themselves among the casualties!
1303.	Exodus: Gods and Kings (2014)
In the ancient tale of the Hebrews, Moses gathers the faith to free his 400,000 enslaved people from the Egyptain Rule. King Rameces, who he grew up with, must face his once best friend in a battle that exceeds the mere mortals and endures the act of God.
1304.	Hairspray (2007)
Tracy Turnblad, an overweight teenager with all the right moves, is obsessed with the Corny Collins Show. Every day after school, she and her best friend Penny run home to watch the show and drool over the hot Link Larkin, much to Tracy's mother Edna's dismay. After one of the stars of the show leaves, Corny Collins holds auditions to see who will be the next person on the Corny Collins show. With all of the help of her friend Seaweed, Tracy makes it on the show, angering the evil dance queen Amber Von Tussle and her mother Velma. Tracy then decides that it's not fair that the black kids can only dance on the Corny Collins Show once a month, and with the help of Seaweed, Link, Penny, Motormouth Maybelle, her father and Edna, she's going to integrate the show.....without denting her 'do!
Pleasantly plump teenager Tracy Turnblad and her best friend Penny Pingleton audition to be on The Corny Collins Show and Tracy wins. But when scheming Amber Von Tussle and her mother plot to destroy Tracy, it turns to chaos.
1305.	The Haves and the Have Nots (2013 TV Series)
The Haves and the Have Nots is a prime time cable Drama Show writer by Tyler Perry, focusing on the interacting lives of the Rich Cryer and Harrington families, and the poor Young family. Hanna Young, a struggling maid working for the Cryers, is a woman who was not the best person in the past but is now a woman of faith. But her faith, and her resolve are tested when she finds out that her Promiscuous Daughter Candace Young(To whom she tries desperately to avoid) has included Herself into the lives of her Mothers employer Jim Cryer and his Family.
1306.	Victorious (2010 TV Series)
Episode: Survival of the Hottest (2010)
When a heat wave hits Southern California, Tori and her friends decide to cool off at Venice Beach, and Beck decides the best way to get there is to borrow his uncle's pickup truck and tow the trailer that he lives in to the beach. There are only two things getting in the way of this plan; 1)A bigger RV that blocks the only door out, and 2)A group of boys who decide to frolic with Cat, the only girl who could possibly save the rest of them from sweating to death.
1307.	Victorious (2010 TV Series)
Episode: Brain Squeezers (2013)
Tori gets picked to be a team captain on the new TV game show "Brain Squeezers", that none of her friends have even heard of. That doesn't mean each and every one of them won't do everything to convince her that they are the best pick for her team. However, when the gang gets there, it turns out they didn't know what they were actually signing up for.
1308.	The Many Loves of Dobie Gillis (1959 TV Series)
Sensitive teenager Dobie Gillis (yes, Dobie being his real given name) exasperates his grocer father Herbert T. Gillis and is the apple of Winnie Gillis' eye, she being his mother. Dobie has an almost singular focus on the opposite sex, more often than not the object of his affection being the beautiful but money hungry Thalia Menninger, who in turn often loves Dobie but always loves money more, which Dobie never has and in his current life direction probably will never have to the extent that would satisfy Thalia. If not Thalia, Dobie pursues several other girls in his search for true love. His best friend is Maynard G. Krebs, a largely clueless but kind-hearted beatnik and lover of jazz music, he who always does what his best buddy Dobie does, often much to the chagrin of others in Dobie's life. While Dobie chases girls, the one girl he knows he does not want but who in turn knows that one day she will become Mrs. Dobie Gillis is bright Zelda Gilroy, who largely uses logic to convince Dobie that she is the girl for him.
1309.	The Many Loves of Dobie Gillis (1959 TV Series)
Episode: Room at the Bottom (1960)
Despite he by far not being her best student, Mrs. Adams, Dobie's math teacher, wants to help Dobie reach his full potential since he truly has a good heart, as demonstrated by the fact that both Thalia and Maynard love him as a friend. Indeed, Thalia admits as much, despite always giving him back his class pin because she still can't marry him due to his poor financial status. To help Dobie reach that potential, Thalia wants him to enroll in Willoughby Hall, an eastern prep school. Thalia believes that because he is so lovable, he can't help but ingratiate himself into the good graces of whoever his wealthy Willoughby roommate, whose wealthy father will give Dobie the world. Thalia even convinces Mr. Gillis. But Dobie doesn't want to go to Willoughby since he doesn't want to leave Thalia. To reach that financial security, Dobie believes another way is to become a good student. He convinces Thalia that if he can get 100% on the next math quiz, he doesn't need to go to Willoughby Hall. He thinks that fate has leant him a big hand when he goes to talk to Mrs. Adams about extra tutoring for the quiz. But the outcome of that fate may place Dobie and Mrs. Adams' friendship on shaky ground.
1310.	The Many Loves of Dobie Gillis (1959 TV Series)
Episode: The Rice-and-Old Shoes Caper (1963)
Dobie tells the story of how and why Maynard and Zelda are standing in front of a J.P. about to be married. At Zelda's recent 21st birthday, Zelda implied that the best present she could receive would be to marry Dobie, while Dobie in turn implied that that would never happen. As such, Zelda told Dobie she would embark on a plan to marry him that would involve Maynard. Maynard's most prized possession is his freedom, and Dobie, as his best friend, would never let that freedom be taken away from him. So if Zelda was able to get Maynard to propose to her, Dobie would step in to save Maynard. Zelda was able to use logic to get engaged to Maynard, without telling him her true purpose. As Maynard truly did see marrying Zelda as the best thing for himself, Dobie could not break his heart by telling him Zelda's true purpose. And although most in town, including the parents, didn't approve of the wedding, no one saw it as their place to stop it. So when the J.P. asks if anyone knows of just cause why Maynard and Zelda should not be married, will anyone - most specifically Dobie or Zelda - pipe up?
1311.	The Many Loves of Dobie Gillis (1959 TV Series)
Episode: I Was a High School Scrooge (1961)
Dobie and Maynard get roped into working on the yearbook under editor Zelda, who was a one person team prior to them arriving on the scene. The first assignment Zelda gives them is to write and photograph the annual feature of the yearbook called "Where Are They Now?": an inspirational piece on a graduate's current goings-on. Who Zelda chooses is 1911 alumnus Walter "Show-'em-no-mercy" Appleby, arguably the best football player ever to emerge from Central High. Dobie and Maynard are able to track him down, he wearing grubby clothes and rifling through a trash pile behind the Kane Iron & Steel factory. Rather than take advantage of Appleby's down and out status, Dobie believes they - as in their senior class - should try and help him as their parting gift to Central High to demonstrate their school spirit. What Dobie, Zelda, Maynard and the rest of their class are unaware of is that Appleby is not down and out, but a wealthy business owner, Kane Iron & Steel being only one of his many companies. He is also miserly and a miserable old man, who may use his cutthroat clout to destroy Dobie and whoever else is involved in depicting him as decrepit for defamation. However, what Dobie originally tried to accomplish may still happen in showing a miserable old man what true generosity should emerge from his own alma mater.
1312.	The Many Loves of Dobie Gillis (1959 TV Series)
Episode: Have You Stopped Beating Your Wife? (1961)
Dobie is studying about marriage since he doesn't see his parents' marriage as being a model to follow. Most evenings, Winnie stays at home doing her chores without complaining, while Herbert is often at the Bison Lodge with his buddies. To Dobie, this behavior means they are incompatible. Dobie's mother agrees that she is being neglected, while Herbert wants to spend even more time at the lodge, he once again in the running to become Grand Exalted Big Bull Bison. After thinking about it, Herbert, deep down, knows that he has not been the best husband, despite he loving Winnie, and Winnie loving him. He isn't sure if he can make it up to her. Dobie, the academic expert, tries to help his father win back his mother's heart.
1313.	The Many Loves of Dobie Gillis (1959 TV Series)
Episode: Caper at the Bijou (1959)
Seventeen year old Dobie Gillis is obsessed with finding the love of his life. Dobie's problems are that he falls in love easily, and that he realizes he needs money to attract the right girl, money which he does not have. His exasperated father, Herbert T. Gillis, wants Dobie to earn money by working at the family grocery store. Dobie's free-spirited mother, Winnie, would rather Dobie focus his time on experiencing life, so she slips him a few dollars here and there to support his social life. Dobie believes his path to at least a short term infusion of cash is to win the regularly held $100 jackpot draw at the Bijou movie theater. He wants to spend that money to woo the pretty Thalia Menninger, who he met at the theater. Thalia, who seems truly to like Dobie, is up front that she will only date guys who have money as she needs to end up marrying a man who can support her. With the help of Dobie's witless beatnik best friend Maynard G. Krebs, Dobie thinks he has a way to win the next jackpot and thus Thalia's heart.
1314.	The Many Loves of Dobie Gillis (1959 TV Series)
Episode: The Fist Fighter (1960)
Thalia's latest kick is that she wants an athlete, as professional athletes make lots of money. Football team captain Milton is that athlete of choice, whereas Dobie is nowhere close to being an athlete of any sort. As Dobie goes through the list of sports at which he may try to excel, that exercise which yields nothing, he figures that he can bluff his way into being an athlete. The school doesn't have a boxing team, so he can pretend to be an expert fighter. The key to the bluff is to beat up a known athletic entity. Dobie is certain that Moose McCullough, a Central High School graduate and who is known as the best athlete Central High has ever produced, will take a fall for him, as more than anything Moose believes in love. Moose agrees to Dobie's proposition. The staged fight works, which results in Dobie getting Thalia and being known far and wide as "The Fist". What Dobie doesn't account for is anyone calling his bluff, that person being Milton, who wants Thalia back, and who challenges Dobie to a fight. Is there any way Dobie can get out of this predicament without either being beat up or admitting his true weakling or cowardice status?
1315.	The Many Loves of Dobie Gillis (1959 TV Series)
Episode: The Sweet Singer of Central High (1959)
Thalia believes a good money making scheme for Dobie would be to become a singer, as singers like qv##nm0000062## make lots of money. In comparison to someone like Milton, Dobie can't carry a tune, Milton who passes the school octet audition while Dobie is left off the singing group. With only one vacant spot, Dobie is still determined to impress Mr. Minafee enough so that he will change his mind. But what all Dobie's practicing accomplishes is getting his tonsils inflamed and swollen, leading to his tonsils being removed. But the resulting scar tissue in his throat also results in Dobie being able to sing like the best of the crooners, with Thalia now seeing dollar signs in Dobie's voice as opposed to Milton's. The questions become whether Dobie's newfound voice will last long enough for the octet to win the singing competition, and for him and Thalia to make their millions, or will his swelled head get in the way?.
1316.	The Many Loves of Dobie Gillis (1959 TV Series)
Episode: Like Oh, Brother (1962)
Both Dobie and Maynard are failing Dr. Burkhart's sociology class. She offers them a deal: "volunteer" to act as big brothers at the River Street Settlement House - which entails dealing with disadvantaged adolescent boys from the roughest neighborhood in town - and she will issue them a passing grade. They reluctantly accept. She receives funding for the project to test her sociological theses in how best to help the boys in their day to day lives. Despite being scared of the boys and having an initial antagonistic relationship, Dobie but particularly Maynard grow to have a buddy relationship with the boys. The problem ends up being Dr. Burkhart, who can't translate her academic thoughts into a meaningful dialogue and interaction with the boys. This project ends up threatening any friendship between Dr. Burkhart and Dobie and Maynard. Dobie and Maynard have to make Dr. Burkhart understand the problem in time for the visit by the funding committee, who may pull the plug on the project if they don't see tangible results.
1317.	The Many Loves of Dobie Gillis (1959 TV Series)
Episode: The Best Dressed Man (1959)
Dobie launches a runway offensive versus wealthy, better-dressed hunk Milton Armitage, his competitor for luscious teen gold-digger Thalia Menninger. When Dobie's grocer father Herbert T. Gillis refuses to finance a clothing binge, Dobie talks a local haberdasher into letting Dobie secretly model the shoppe's best outfits, to promote the store's business, plus counter Maynard & The Beat Generation's anti-fashion values, which challenge 50's Mad Men mores.
1318.	The Many Loves of Dobie Gillis (1959 TV Series)
Episode: The Chicken from Outer Space (1960)
As hard as he tries, Dobie just can't seem to get rid of Zelda Gilroy, the one girl he doesn't want but wants him. Zelda is aware of Dobie's failings, such as not being a very bright student and thus not having any future career prospects. Zelda compensates for that by mapping out their future: they will live on a farm after they get married so that Dobie will at least be able to provide food. In being a farmer, Dobie has to take biology class, with which Zelda will help him. Dobie agrees to take biology only because he knows that brainy Zelda has his academic best interest in mind and will help him. Dobie sees being a farmer as his only future hope, regardless of if Zelda is in that future. As usual, Maynard follows Dobie into biology class. Their first project is to examine the effects of hormones on chicken. One will be injected with female hormones, one will be injected with male hormones and the control chicken will get no injection. Three problems arise with their new arrangement. First, Mr. Gillis, who doesn't know that Dobie has chickens, keeps on hearing rooster crows, which he is made to believe is all in his imagination. Second, Dobie wants out of his arrangement with Zelda if only because he has met the pretty Imogene Burkhart, who he sees as a possible girlfriend/future wife. And third, Maynard is forced to give the chickens their injections. He believes that a 2 cc injection means a 2 cup injection.
1319.	The Many Loves of Dobie Gillis (1959 TV Series)
Episode: Baby Talk (1960)
Immigrants Tomas and Eva are forced to return to their homeland. They decide to leave their one year old baby Katrina behind as she will have a better life in the US rather than what they can provide for her in their impoverished homeland. So with a note, they leave Katrina in a basket in the park, hoping that whoever finds her will give her a good home. That finder ends up being Maynard. Falling in love with Katrina who seems to give him unconditional love in return, Maynard, against the advice from both Dobie and Zelda, decides to keep her - at least temporarily - rather than hand her over to the police. That way, he, Dobie and Zelda themselves can find the best home for her. Not only finding that home becomes an issue, but also hiding the fact of Katrina from those in authority, like Herbert and Mr. Pomfritt, the latter who may find out as the three still need to go to school. Their ultimate choice of a home requires convincing of the head of the household, which in and of itself may be a difficult task, but one that may truly afford Katrina the best of all worlds if it can be accomplished, but not for the reasons Maynard, Dobie and Zelda originally thought.
1320.	The Many Loves of Dobie Gillis (1959 TV Series)
Episode: I Remember Muu Muu (1962)
One of the outcomes of Dobie's single-minded pursuit of his latest love, Sue Ellen Silnitzer, is that he starts to neglect his best friend, Maynard. Maynard has started taking a journalism class at the college, and makes a deal with Mr. Pomfritt, the teacher, that if he writes an article accepted by the school newspaper, the Pryor Crier, he will pass him in the class. With all the exciting topics already being covered by other reporters, Maynard is assigned to write a story about the anthropology department, led by Dr. Imogene Burkhart. Dr. Burkhart admits that writing a story about her department may be difficult, until she remembers that she is recreating an authentic pagan ritual ceremony from the Marquesas Islands in her upcoming class. Advice from Mr. Pomfritt and a borrowed photograph from Dr. Burkhart in combination leads to a less than appropriate story. Regardless, the story is approved by the newspaper's preoccupied assistant editor: Dobie. The printing of the story causes a series of problems, especially for Maynard and Dr. Burkhart.
1321.	The Many Loves of Dobie Gillis (1959 TV Series)
Episode: Be It Ever So Humble (1961)
After watching a WWI movie on television where the American soldiers in the trenches talk about how they would rather be home, Maynard too becomes homesick. As Lt. Merriwether won't issue a pass to Maynard to go home, Dobie figures the best way to cure Maynard's homesickness is to bring Maynard's home to him in the form of Herbert bringing all Maynard's prized possessions from his home. However, that still does not cure the problem. Merriwether eventually breaks down and does issue Maynard's pass, which requires Maynard to leave immediately without telling Dobie. As such, Dobie believes that a missing Maynard has gone AWOL. Dobie first decides to try and hide the fact that Maynard is missing from their superiors, and then decides a better approach would be to request an emergency pass, on the guise of his father being seriously ill, to go and retrieve Maynard. What Dobie is further unaware of is that as a course of protocol, Lt. Merriwether, in issuing his emergency pass, contacts the Red Cross to check up on Herbert's illness, at the same time that Herbert is scheduled to receive a visit from a physician for an insurance policy. Collectively, the Gillises may have to decide if Herbert's insurance policy or preventing Dobie from being court-martialed is more important.
1322.	The Many Loves of Dobie Gillis (1959 TV Series)
Episode: The Gigolo (1961)
Maynard has suddenly become the want of many a girl who would like him on her arm for evenings out. The reason: Maynard is seen as being harmless, and a thus a non-threatening substitute for a boyfriend who is out of town either away at school or in the military. Although he gets many requests to be an escort from many girls, Maynard decides only to accept the offer from who originally proposed this job to him, Bernadine, whose boyfriend Roger is attending an Ivy League school. Bernadine is a girl who Dobie tried to woo but who flatly turned him down because of Roger. Dobie, however, doesn't like what this job has done to Maynard, who not only accepts the best of everything from Bernadine, but who now expects and requests the best of everything, Bernadine who is more than willing to provide such. Dobie and his parents decide to intervene, trying not only to provide alternatives to Bernadine's offers but more importantly to get Maynard back to his old non-demanding self. Dobie portrays this intervention to Maynard as having no ulterior motive, while Bernadine's actions are all self-motivated. But the work of the Gillises may take a hit when Roger comes back from school which directly affects what happens with Dobie.
1323.	Showgirls (1995)
Nomi Malone travel to Las Vages to become an exotic dancer- a showgirl. She is doing very well at the beginning, and striding step by step towards the top of the stripper's clubs in Las Vegas. But when she meets a new lead showgirl, named Cristal Conners and they have to work and show together, the competition between those two best showgirls begin. Enthralled by the glamorous life of Las Vegas, Nomi Malone is prepared to do everything to be the leading showgirl, also if some very dirty steps must be taken from her side.
1324.	Drop Dead Diva (2009 TV Series)
Episode: Fool for Love (2013)
Jane attempts to reconcile with Owen while they work together representing a professor who's been arrested for smuggling drugs. Kim goes up against Grayson's ex-fiance Vanessa in a case where Kim represents a woman fighting for rights to a very successful video game she created with her recently deceased boyfriend. Stacy invites a handful of her exes to a "donor party" where she tries to assess who might be the best sperm donor
1325.	Drop Dead Diva (2009 TV Series)
Episode: Rigged (2012)
Jane jumps at the case of widow Annie Maslin, whose husband died in an instable oil rig's storm accident-caused explosion, just fast enough to beat Kim, who wanted to represent the oil company, to the punch. Levelheaded co-chair Grayson finds crucial design irregularities, while the firm gets their key witness, engineer Tom Witten, to retract his statement, but a concerned executive discretely tips them off. Parker and Kim constantly disagree over the best way to keep seeing his doting but illegitimate pre-teen son Eric now his mother wants to accept a nursing job in Canada. While the girls go ape about wedding details, groom Owen is missing, maybe even lost.
1326.	Drop Dead Diva (2009 TV Series)
Episode: The Wedding (2011)
While fulfilling her duties as best man for Grayson and Vanessa's wedding, Jane is held at gunpoint while picking up the wedding rings. But when the gunman needs a public defender in court, Jane is unexpectedly asked to step in and takes special interest in the case when despite her advice, he pleads guilty. Meanwhile, Parker asks Grayson to help out one of his childhood friends who needs help with his pet camel.
1327.	Drop Dead Diva (2009 TV Series)
Episode: Family Matters (2012)
Grayson and Kim fight the absurd inventiveness of a woman who refuses their gay client the agreed parental rights of the son he fathered as private sperm-donor, unlike impersonal mother-clients. Owen's life is implicitly threatened by the owner of a rave club, which is charged with negligence causing the ultimately fatal collapse of a teen client, whose best mate is no less guilty. Jane discovers a lucrative scam involving a city councilor. Luke's unease to lie ruins his and Kim's efforts to pose as Owen and Jane at caterer in vogue Robert Bardem's tasting session.
1328.	NCIS: New Orleans (2014 TV Series)
Episode: Master of Horror (2014)
With New Orleans decorated for Halloween, the NCIS team investigates the murder of a Naval Staff Judge Advocate found in a cemetery dressed in a Victorian costume with vampiric puncture wounds on her neck. Meanwhile, the team debates what Halloween night activity and costumes would be best.
1329.	Taken (2008)
After reluctantly agreeing to let his 17-year-old daughter, Kim (Maggie Grace), go to France with her best friend, Bryan Mills (Liam Neeson) is horrified to hear that she is kidnapped by an Albanian gang whose specialty is prostitution rings. With only 96 hours to go before he'll never find her again, Bryan rushes to France to save her. As a former CIA agent, he has all the skills necessary to rescue her - if he can only find her.
1330.	Doc Martin (2004 TV Series)
Episode: Out of the Woods (2005)
With Mark Mylow's wedding fast approaching, Martin is asked to be best man but he is at his abrupt best when he simply says no. Mark then enlist Al Large for the job telling that he doesn't have to organize a stag night as all Mark wants to do is go on an overnight camping trip in the woods. Things go from bad to worse when, after getting lost somewhere in the forest, Mark is bitten by a deadly snake. When Martin goes off to find him, he too gets lost.
1331.	Doc Martin (2004 TV Series)
Episode: Sickness and Health (2013)
Martin finally marries Louisa, with Joe Penhale as best man; though, neither party has a parent present, and Martin is irritated by the gate-crashers at the reception. The villagers club together for a night in an isolated, but luxurious, lodge for the honeymooners -- whose seclusion they enjoy -- though, Bert drives off with their day clothes and luggage. Following a chimney fire, the Ellinghams set out to find a phone; but, instead, run into gun-wielding recluse Bellamy, whose life Martin saves after an accident. Back in the village, Ruth is grateful to jack-of-all-trades Mike Pruddy, who helps her out with advice for baby James, after fixing her electrics following a power cut. However, the disheveled newlyweds still return to find everything in chaos.
1332.	Doc Martin (2004 TV Series)
Episode: Better the Devil (2009)
Martin is still in Port Wenn, on his own, but is starting to think his time there is coming to an end. He still has to deal with his phobia, but is trying his best to overcome it. When Aunt Joan's friend has an accident, Martin realizes that he is still a better surgeon than the old friend, Edith Montgomery, who is treating her. Edith was once a girlfriend and she seems to have rekindled an interest in him. With the possibility of a return to London on his mind, he also treats Clive Tishell who is very hard of hearing and who insists that his deafness is permanent. Martin has a shock however when Louisa shows up at his door with some special - and somewhat obvious - news.
1333.	Doc Martin (2004 TV Series)
Episode: Guess Who's Coming to Dinner (2013)
Louisa returns to work, and she has been trying to find a nanny. Martin and his gruff demeanor has resulted in quite a few quitting no sooner than they've started. The latest, Mel, storms out when he tells her she is obese and unhealthy. With the chairman of the school coming for dinner with his wife, Martin and Louisa have little choice but to put baby James to bed and hope for the best. The baby monitor proves to be their undoing, however. Mike Pruddy might be a solution to their nanny problem, but Louisa isn't so sure. Ruth, meanwhile, is a guest on Portwenn radio to promote her new book; to her horror, she finds herself giving advice to someone who calls in. It's Joe Penhale -- with a disguised voice -- who wants to know why he can't make friends. It doesn't take her long to figure out who called. With the death of her father, Morwenna is looking for someone to share housing expenses.
1334.	Doc Martin (2004 TV Series)
Episode: Preserve the Romance (2011)
Having given birth to a baby boy, Louise returns to Portwenn and Martin decides to delay his move to London by a day or so. Louisa is exhausted most of the time and Martin does his best to help her carry the load. He's not impressed with his replacement as the village doctor, Diana Gibbs, who seems to have several medical ailments of her own to take care of. When he sees the types of prescriptions she seems to hand out to everyone who visits her, he begins to question her competence. Martin receives some bad news when he's told his Aunt Joan has been in a car accident.
1335.	Doc Martin (2004 TV Series)
Episode: The Holly Bears a Prickle (2007)
Martin and Louisa almost succeed in having a disaster-free date when they attend a outdoor concert together. They kiss but Martin is at his awkward best and ruins the moment. When they arrive back in Portwenn, Louisa announces that there is no possible hope for them as a couple and tells Martin that she will no longer see him. When a visiting friend suffers a serious injury, Martin comes to the rescue and he and Louisa find themselves going in yet another direction. Pauline's addiction to gambling becomes apparent and she is in dire need of assistance.
1336.	Jennifer's Body (2009)
Nerdy, reserved bookworm Needy Lesnicki, and arrogant, conceited cheerleader Jennifer Check are best friends, though they share little in common. They share even less in common when Jennifer mysteriously gains an appetite for human blood after a disastrous fire at a local bar. As Needy's male classmates are steadily killed in gruesome attacks, the young girl must uncover the truth behind her friend's transformation and find a way to stop the bloodthirsty rampage before it reaches her own boyfriend Chip.
1337.	Shaun of the Dead (2004)
Life isn't too good for Shaun (Pegg). He lives with his best friend Ed (Frost), neglects his girlfriend Liz (Ashfield) and despises his step-dad (Nighy). When Liz dumps Shaun, he vows to get his life back on track. Unfortunatly, this is the day that the dead has decided to come back to life. With a cricket bat and Ed by his side, Shaun sets out to rescue those he loves and those he doesn't love, and heads to the safest place he knows...the Winchester.
Shaun isn't having the greatest of times: the staff at the store he works in don't take him very seriously as temporary boss; his girlfriend Liz has had enough of always meeting at the Winchester Arms along with his best mate; and his relationship with his dad--sorry, stepdad--remains heavily fraught. And now the living dead have risen and are spreading their zombie curse to everyone they can get their teeth into. Just doesn't seem worth getting out of bed some days.
Shaun is a 29-year-old with no real ambition in life, much to the consternation of his friends, family, and fed-up girlfriend. With only a loyalty to his lazy best friend Edgar, a dead-end job where his employees step on him, and the good-ol' days, Shaun isn't exactly putting his best foot forward. But when the flesh-hungry undead start to rise in numbers around modern-day London, Shaun must come to the rescue of his girlfriend and mother before all hell breaks loose. With loyal Edgar at his side to fight the good fight, the two will have to pave their way through zombie-ridden London as Shaun must take on the first real challenge in his life--with comical results.
1338.	Last Chance U (2016 TV Series)
"Last Chance U" follows a group of young men training to become the future stars of the NFL. Based at East Mississippi Community College (EMCC), "Last Chance U" takes us on a journey to understand the real men of the gridiron at one of the most successful, but least known athletic programs. Each player has incredible talent and drive to be the best, but each face their own unique struggles both on and off the field. As their season takes an unexpected turn, the methods of this unconventional team are deeply called into question. With much to lose, they are constantly reminded of the stakes.
1339.	Home Alone (1990)
Kevin McCallister is an arrogant 8-year-old boy who hates the fact that he lives in a family who constantly bullies him. While his family leaves for their European Christmas vacation, they leave him behind by accident. Despite this, Kevin makes the best of this situation, as he finally earns the freedom he's always wished for by jumping on beds, eating ice cream, watching gangster movies, and doing what ever he pleases. However, two robbers, the ever so stupid Marv and his right-hand man, the highly intelligent Harry invade his neighborhood by stealing precious valuables of his neighbors. Now, it's up to Kevin to save the day! He must save his house from being robbed before it's too late with a series of traps. Will he win? Will he get his family back?
1340.	Awkward. (2011 TV Series)
"Awkward" is about the specific incidents in our formative years that define us -sometimes for the best and sometimes for the worst. The show centers around fifteen-year-old Jenna Hamilton, who, like many, feels invisible to her peers and desperately wants to find her place--which is hard to do in a day and age where fitting in means standing out. Unfortunately, Jenna's visibility comes on the heels of an accident that gives her a not-so-fun stigma. And while the stigma of her accident could be the curse of her life, Jenna's determined to make it her life's blessing.
1341.	Ender's Game (2013)
In the near future, a hostile alien race has attacked Earth. If not for the legendary heroics of International Fleet Commander Mazer Rackham, all would have been lost. In preparation for the next attack, the highly esteemed Colonel Hyrum Graff and the International Military are training only the best young minds to find the future Mazer. Ender Wiggin, a shy but strategically brilliant young leader, is recruited to join the elite. Arriving at Battle School, Ender quickly and easily masters increasingly difficult challenges and simulations, distinguishing himself and winning respect amongst his peers. Ender is soon ordained by Graff as the military's next great hope, resulting in his promotion to Command School. Once there, he's trained by Mazer Rackham himself to lead his fellow soldiers into an epic battle that will determine the future of Earth and save the human race.
1342.	Dr. Strangelove or: How I Learned to Stop Worrying and Love the Bomb (1964)
U.S. Air Force General Jack Ripper goes completely and utterly mad, and sends his bomber wing to destroy the U.S.S.R. He suspects that the communists are conspiring to pollute the "precious bodily fluids" of the American people. The U.S. president meets with his advisors, where the Soviet ambassador tells him that if the U.S.S.R. is hit by nuclear weapons, it will trigger a "Doomsday Machine" which will destroy all plant and animal life on Earth. Peter Sellers portrays the three men who might avert this tragedy: British Group Captain Lionel Mandrake, the only person with access to the demented Gen. Ripper; U.S. President Merkin Muffley, whose best attempts to divert disaster depend on placating a drunken Soviet Premier and the former Nazi genius Dr. Strangelove, who concludes that "such a device would not be a practical deterrent for reasons which at this moment must be all too obvious". Will the bombers be stopped in time, or will General Jack Ripper succeed in destroying the world ?
1343.	Law & Order: Criminal Intent (2001 TV Series)
Episode: Masquerade (2006)
A former beauty queen whose daughter, Amberleigh was found murdered on Halloween night 1992, is thrown back into the public eye when a pedophile in exile confesses to her murder. Detectives Goren and Eames aren't convinced it's that easy and re-question the mother, who was originally accused of the crime, as well as her informative, best-selling author neighbor, Nate Royce.
1344.	Law & Order: Criminal Intent (2001 TV Series)
Episode: Art (2001)
Detectives Goren and Eames sort through a palette of colorful characters when they probe the slayings of a museum curator and an art authenticator, and they soon discover evidence of copied masterpieces that makes an arrogant Austrian dealer their prime suspect -- but the key hinges on finding the elusive forger. Meanwhile, as Goren reveals a surprising knowledge of art -- and the German language -- the investigators figure that the best way to find a forger is to enlist the aid of another forger.
1345.	Ghost World (2001)
Enid and Rebecca are best friends having difficulties with the social attitudes of other people. After graduating high school, they decide to get jobs and rent a house of their own. However, Enid needs to attend Arts summer school to graduate but her anti-social behavior makes her lose her job. Meanwhile, Enid and Rebecca play a prank on Seymour, a middle-aged collector of rare 78 records who also has difficulties with relationships. Seymour and Enid eventually become friends. As time goes by, Enid reaches maturity and develops a different view of life.
1346.	This Means War (2012)
Two CIA agents, Tuck and Frank who are also best friends, have been benched because someone's after them. Tuck is divorced with a son whom he's not close to and Frank is a ladies man. Tuck decides to try and find someone so he places his profile on a dating website. Lauren, a woman also looking for a guy sees Tuck's profile and goes with him. She later bumps into Frank and he hits on her and she goes out with him. She's intrigued by both of them. When they learn that they're dating the same girl, they agree to let her choose. But both can't help but use their skills to keep tabs on her and each other. And also sabotage each other's dates with her.
In Los Angeles, Franklin Foster - FDR to his friends - and Tuck Hansen are best friends and partners as undercover CIA agents, however recently reassigned to desk jobs after a covert operation gone wrong, which resulted in the death of criminal Jonas Heinrich, and his brother Karl Heinrich being able to escape, he who vows revenge on the two. Being undercover, not even their closest friends and family know what FDR and Tuck do, those people believing the covers of them being a cruise ship captain and travel agent respectively. The two are different when it comes to their love life. FDR is a serial womanizer and party boy. Tuck is a recently divorced father, who still wants the traditional family life with his ex-wife Katie and their young adolescent son Joe, that life which does not seem like it will happen. Each of their love lives take a turn when they meet through different channels Lauren Scott, an executive at a consumer product testing company. Lauren, relatively new to Los Angeles, is just reentering the dating scene after her last relationship went sour. FDR and Tuck eventually learn that they are both dating Lauren, who each believes could be the true love of their respective life. As neither will forgo Lauren for the other, they set some ground rules in their relationships with her, including not telling her that they know each other or that they know she is dating "someone else", that they will not sleep with her, and that they will not let her get in the way of their friendship and partnership. But as their feelings for Lauren grows, their rules may go out the window, with each doing whatever needed to win Lauren, even at the expense of their friendship. Conversely, Lauren loves both men, and receives dating advice from her best friend, married, over-sexed and straight talking Trish. Through it all, Heinrich could reenter the picture, he who could change the face of what's happening in their personal lives.
1347.	Sex and the City (2008)
New York "Sex and the City" columnist Carrie Bradshaw and her three best girlfriends - PR maven Samantha Jones, lawyer Miranda Hobbes and art gallery curator Charlotte York - have long mastered one of the two "L"s to which she believes all women arriving in New York aspire: labels. As such, the foursome, three years after John Preston AKA Mr. Big professed his love to Carrie and three books by Carrie on their life later, focus on the other "L": love. Charlotte believes she has the perfect love life with husband Harry Goldenblatt and their adopted two year old daughter Lily. She is hyper-vigilant in ensuring that that life remains perfect especially in light of some unexpected news on the home front. Extremely self-confident Samantha, now living in Los Angeles with her younger client/boyfriend, actor Smith Jerrod, is in love with him, but feels that she is losing her sense of identity to Smith's rising star. This revelation is even more troubling to her with a handsome new neighbor moving in next door, he who always seems to be having sex with a different woman every night. Miranda and her bartender husband Steve Brady are facing problems maintaining a healthy sex life as Miranda focuses her attentions on caring for their five year old son, Brady Hobbes. This and a subsequent action by Steve places a strain on their love life and marriage. And Carrie and Big make the decision to buy an apartment together. The lavish apartment they choose and the subsequent financial arrangement they embark upon lead to Carrie and Big deciding to get married. Combined with a request by Vogue editor Enid Frick to Carrie, Carrie and Big come to individual views as to the emotional toll on each other of their decision, which is complicated by a statement by Miranda. A result is that Carrie, for the first time, hires a personal assistant, a young woman named Louise from St. Louis who unwittingly helps Carrie come to grips with her personal problems. Through the trials and tribulations of the four in dealing with their respective love lives, they, as always, lend their emotional support to the other three.
1348.	Super Troopers (2001)
A small Vermont state troopers (highway police) station is in danger of being axed by budget cuts, the ultimate defeat in its ongoing rivalry with Chief Grady's municipal Spurbury PD. Captain O'Hagan urges his men to limit their endless shenanigans and get some serious police work done to restore their image. However, the endless hazing of 'rookie' Rabbit (actually by far the best-behaved) and running gag practices seem in their genes. In Farva's case he can't help getting suspended within hours and 'exiled' to desk and menial duties. The accidental discovery of a corps and huge amounts of marijuana offer a last chance, but Grady is determined to put the feather on his cap, even if that takes playing dirty. Trooper Foster gets involved with young Spurbury cop Ursula, romantically and in the investigation, which turns up some surprises.
1349.	Mrs. Doubtfire (1993)
Daniel Hillard likes to entertain children. Currently his job, is providing voices for cartoons, but when he disagrees with the image that the studio wants to convey to children, he loses his job. It is also his son's birthday and feling down and wanting to do something special for him, he throws a wild children's party. When his wife Miranda comes home and finds the house in shambles and after everything settles, she tells Daniel that they are on different paths and thinks that they should separate. Because Daniel's unemployed the judge feels that it's best if Daniel get his life in order first, so he allows Daniel to see his children just one day a week. But Daniel can't bear to be away from his children so long; so when Miranda decides to hire a housekeeper, Daniel alters the ad and answers it himself and pretends to be Mrs. Doubtfire, donning a disguise he becomes the new housekeeper.
1350.	3rd Rock from the Sun (1996 TV Series)
Episode: Fourth and Dick (1996)
Homecoming weekend is just a few days away and everybody has their mind on the big game the school's football team will be playing. Except for Dick, who doesn't see what all the fuss is about. Meanwhile, Harry gets a job as a security officer during the game, Tommy has a crush on his glee club teacher and Sally realizes she has no friends and makes Nina her best friend.
1351.	3rd Rock from the Sun (1996 TV Series)
Episode: 36! 24! 36! Dick!: Part 1 (1998)
The guys of Rutherford have the time of their life when the town all of the sudden gets swamped with the most beautiful women. And the best part about it is, they actually seem to be interested in the men and in no time Dick, Harry, Tommy and Officer Don have beautiful girlfriends. Except for Harry who gives his girl Mascha lollies, they give their girlfriends terribly expensive gifts they can't afford. Sally doesn't trust what's going on and decides to find out who these women are and what it is they want.
1352.	3rd Rock from the Sun (1996 TV Series)
Episode: Shall We Dick? (2000)
When Strudwick and Judith tell him they'll enter the Badger Day dance contest, Dick tells them he and Mary will also participate, despite the fact Mary can't dance. Harry asks Nina to enter the contest with him and both of them turn out to be great dancers. Meanwhile, Sally and Alissa become the best of friends and go shopping, much to the chagrin of Don and Tommy.
1353.	The Closer (2005 TV Series)
Episode: Ruby (2007)
Deputy Chief Johnson and her team are quick to act when a 9-year-old girl goes missing on her way home from school. Using photo images from red light cameras, they are soon able to identify a blue van that was apparently cruising the neighborhood around the time the girl disappeared. The owner is a registered sex offender and is soon under arrest; but, despite her best efforts, Brenda can't get him to confess. After she leaves the room, Det. Sgt. Gabriel takes matters into his own hands and beats information out of the man. Although they manage to locate the victim, Brenda is now faced with the possibility of having any evidence thrown out of court because of Gabriel's actions, and it is left to her to either find other evidence or obtain a confession that will lead to a conviction.
1354.	The Closer (2005 TV Series)
Episode: Smells Like Murder (2009)
Major Crimes has an interesting case on its hands when a large cooler with a body stuffed inside gets delivered to the squad room, shipped by the owner of a storage facility after reporting his suspicions to the police, who didn't respond. They soon identify the dead man as Doug Courtney, a ne'er-do-well who wasn't very reliable and was un-liked by almost everyone who may have cared about him at one time - his parents, girlfriend, landlord and high school best bud. Brenda devises a clever scheme to out the guilty party among them. Meanwhile, she and Fritz must deal with her niece Charlie, who isn't exactly following their house rules.
1355.	The Closer (2005 TV Series)
Episode: Last Rites (2012)
The working relationship between Brenda and Chief Pope continues to deteriorate as Major Crimes investigates the murder of a Catholic priest, Father Adam Gray. Lured to an apartment in the middle of the night by a request for Last Rites, he was attacked then dumped in the parking lot of a Catholic primary school. Pope does his best to keep church officials on his side, but Brenda pursuit at full throttle creates a blow-up between them. Police quickly find the apartment where Father Gray was killed, but the lease is in the priest's own name, and there are many pictures of young girls at the school where he taught. As it appears Father Gray has been set up, they begin to look for anyone who might want him dead, making access to the Father's personal journal imperative. Meanwhile, Brenda also has to care for her father, visiting Los Angeles for cancer treatment. Brenda's mother assures her that they are fine and that she should just go and do her job.
1356.	The Closer (2005 TV Series)
Episode: Waivers of Extradition (2009)
Brenda and Major Crimes are hot on the trail of a serial killer after he attacks and kills a young woman in her home. Witnesses saw a car with Texas dealer plates and Texas Det. Curt Landry flies to LA to brief them on a string of murders that, according to FBI files, could number as high as eighty-five. All of the murders have taken place in communities adjacent to the I-10 and all have followed the same pattern. As both Brenda and Det. Landry aim to collar the culprit, they agree that, once they apprehend the killer, the one with the best case will prosecute. After a wild chase down the highway, they arrest Jesse Ray Moore, and Landry reveals for the first time that Texas has DNA evidence from one of Moore's victims. Brenda feels she's been had and sets out to ensure that Moore isn't extradited by getting him to confess to the crime. Meanwhile, Clay arrives to take Charlie back home, but Charlie (and Brenda) would rather she stay.
1357.	The Closer (2005 TV Series)
Episode: Star Turn (2011)
Brenda and the Major Crimes team investigate the death of Bob Michaels, father of aspiring pop star Missy Michaels. Found at the bottom of a cliff after a 5-day disappearance while hiking, it has the appearance of a suicide. Medical examiner Dr. Morales determines that Bob's been dead for twelve hours or so, which raises the question of what he'd been doing for the previous four and a half days. Further examination finds pepper-spray on his face along with blue candy and a pizza in his stomach, suggesting deception at best, murder at worst. Ambitious parents are at the root of it all. Meanwhile, the Baylor family offers to settle the lawsuit against Brenda and the city, but the language in the settlement isn't as clear as Brenda's lawyer or Capt. Raydor would like.
1358.	That Awkward Moment (2014)
Jason has just been dumped, but he didn't even realize they were going out. Meanwhile, Mikey's wife has just asked him for a divorce, and perpetually single Daniel is still single. The three best friends are determined to stay single together and just have fun. But then Jason meets Ellie who just might be perfect for him, Daniel starts to realize that his gal pal Chelsea might be perfect for him, and Mikey has always thought that his wife was perfect for him. The boys are going to have to juggle their single life with their romantic entanglements and it's going to get awkward.
1359.	Continuum (2012 TV Series)
Episode: Seconds (2013)
Kiera and Carlos are surprised when Inspector Dillon returns to the squad room once again in charge. He can thank Escher for his reinstatement. The squad will now be dedicated solely to combating Liber8 and their first concern is Julian Randall who Dillon thinks will lead them back to Liber8's leadership. Julian is released from prison and after being found not guilty by a corrupt judge and meets a throng of reporters. When shots ring out, someone close to him is injured. He also finds that he's developed a following while he was in jail. Kiera begins to think eliminating Julian may be their best solution. She's certainly ready to whatever it takes to get information from him. Carlos has to intervene.
1360.	Continuum (2012 TV Series)
Episode: Second Chances (2013)
Still disturbed by the message he received from his future self, Alec is lying low and doing his best to avoid Kiera. He's moved out but ignores his mother's pleas to return home. Kiera has little trouble finding him and they're soon working together. At a press conference on the City Plaza bombing the Mayor is killed. Carlos and Kiera meet and she wants to operate outside the confines of the police but reconsiders when Carlos tells her that his and Dillon's jobs are on the line. From the available CCTV footage and with Alec's help, Kiera quickly finds from where the assassin fired his shots but she isn't convinced Liber8 is behind it. Meanwhile Travis survives Sonya's assassination attempt. We learn the contents of the message Alec received from his older self.
1361.	Continuum (2012 TV Series)
Episode: Split Second (2013)
Alec starts his job at the computer store but his initiative isn't appreciated by his new boss. Matthew Kellog has a better proposition for him. When Sonya learns that Travis is alive she concocts a plan that will get him transferred to another prison. Her plan is to kill him. Kiera assumes the transfer was arranged by Liber8 and devises a decoy but they are soon onto her. It's clear that there's a mole in the Vancouver PD. As Kiera and Carlos do their best to keep Travis in custody it seems a third group is out to get him as well.
1362.	Continuum (2012 TV Series)
Episode: Minute by Minute (2014)
Kiera is advised by the head of the Freelancers that Alec's trip to the past has had severe consequences. The existing time line is disintegrating and will soon be destroyed. All they can do now is send her back in time and have her do her best to save the future. Alec has successfully gone back 7 days in time and is happy to see Emily alive and well. He also sees himself and realizes the complications that have arisen. Kiera successfully travels back 7 days but has a solution for her double. Kellog meanwhile meets Escher.
1363.	Chicago (2002)
1920s Chicago. Housewife Roxie Hart dreams of fame, most specifically being a star in vaudeville, and plans on sleeping her way to the top... with someone other than her husband, the overly trusting and loyal Amos Hart. When Roxie learns that Fred Casely, who promised her a big break at the Onyx Club, only said so to sleep with her, she kills him during an altercation. She ends up being incarcerated at Cook County jail on overpopulated murderess row, the inmates who primarily knocked off a man who did them wrong. Among them is one of Roxie's idols, Velma Kelly, one half of the headlining Kelly sisters appearing at the Onyx Club, Velma who purportedly killed her husband Charlie and her sister Veronica when she found them cavorting with each other. Velma has no time for people like Roxie: Velma Kelly wannabes or hangers-on. The prison matron, "Mama" Morton, likes to help her girls... for a price. Even more predatory is lawyer Billy Flynn, the best in getting women prisoners exonerated, but again at an even more exorbitant price. Billy's game plan generally is publicity, to make his clients stars, which if he does end up representing Roxie may shift the balance of celebrity between Roxie and Velma, the latter who is also obsessed with her own fame. But if Billy can do such for Roxie, he can do so for others, all who are clamoring for that limited real estate on newspaper front pages. Through it all, Roxie and Velma may eventually come to the understanding that beyond fame, their life or death may also be on the line.
1364.	Armageddon (1998)
Due to a shuttle's unfortunate demise in outer space, NASA becomes aware of a doomsday asteroid that is on a collision course with Earth. It seems that the only way to knock it off course is to drill into its surface and detonate a nuclear weapon. But as NASA's under-funded yet resourceful team train the world's best drillers for the job, the social order of the world begins to break down as the information reaches the public and hysteria results. As high-ranking officials play politics with the effort, the drilling team all faces deep personal issues which may jeopardize humanity's last chance...
After New York City is damaged by hundreds of small meteorites, NASA discovers an asteroid the size of Texas is on a collision course with Earth. They recruit the best deep core driller in the world, Harry Stamper, to train astronauts who will go to the asteroid, drill into the center and detonate a nuclear warhead. Harry says he can't train men how to drill in ten days, so he brings in his own team of roughnecks to learn to become astronauts and get the job done. One of his team is the fiance of his own daughter.
1365.	Touch (2012 TV Series)
Episode: Music of the Spheres (2012)
Jake's voice-over reflects on the music of the spheres. Jake leads his father to a 13-year-old from the Bronx intent on robbing a violinist. In Brazil, a street musician who dreams of moving to New York City expresses his love for a cafe owner - she's nearly broke and the cafe is all she has of her family. Clea, then Martin and Jake, meet a diamond dealer who says that Arthur was his best friend. Jake uses his tablet computer to show an accident victim how to communicate. Martin comes to a new accommodation of Jake's silence, and Jake reminds us where the music of the spheres originates.
1366.	Touch (2012 TV Series)
Episode: Enemy of My Enemy (2013)
Martin figures that assuming a cover as a reporter under the name Martin Bishop is the best way to get information about Amelia while eluding the authorities. Trevor helps him in this regard by offering him a real job as a reporter at Breakwire. Calvin Norburg, in hiding, eventually does summon Martin to discuss the activities of Aster Corps, Martin not knowing that Calvin now has Amelia. They devise a plan for Martin to get into the Aster Corps offices to retrieve Calvin's work by using the pass key of who Calvin sees as the one other disillusioned Aster Corps employee who has a high enough security clearance, her name being Mallory Kane. What they are initially unaware of is that Mallory has been detained at the Pakistani border because of her work at Aster Corps. They have to find her and find a way for her to be released, as if Aster Corps and the Pakistani authorities have their way, Mallory will disappear forever. Meanwhile, Lucy and Jake meet Sophia Corliss, a grief stricken woman who has a past association with Guillermo Ortiz. And Frances, now Amelia's chief caregiver, tries to understand her new charge. The reason for her need to do this work is revealed.
1367.	Touch (2012 TV Series)
Episode: Closer (2013)
Calvin Norburg's public diatribe against Aster Corps results in two significant events. One, wealthy venture capitalist Vikash Nayar, an investor in Aster Corps, decides to pull his money from the corporation and invest directly in the work Calvin is doing. And two, Martin and Lucy become aware of the importance of Calvin in finding Amelia. As it is near impossible to get close to Calvin due to this publicity, Martin and Trevor believe the best way to gain access to Calvin is through Vikash. Although Martin does manage to gain access to Vikash, he finds that he must first assist Vikash on his latest personal mission. Martin is yet unaware that that mission is to associated with Amelia. Other associated stories include that of a librarian named Frances, who is trying to explain to her colleague and lover Carl why she is retiring and going "underground". Lucy and Jake befriend a mother and daughter at Santa Monica pier. And Guillermo Ortiz tries to find the next name of his list, architect Rosemary Mathis, at the opening ceremonies of her new cathedral in Barcelona.
1368.	Bonanza (1959 TV Series)
Episode: Five into the Wind (1963)
A stagecoach accident in the mountains during a severe windstorm leaves the passengers with no choice but to make their way across country as best they can. One is found stabbed to death with Little Joe's knife, and the suspicion for his murder falls on Joe. Little Joe and the other passengers must explore a complex mystery involving love, deception, money, and more murder, in order to reveal what is hidden among them.
1369.	Bonanza (1959 TV Series)
Episode: The Legacy (1963)
Three men newly released from Huntsville prison make their way across the Ponderosa. When Ben and Little Joe see someone is poaching their cattle, Ben goes after them. When he comes upon those responsible, he is ambushed and left for dead. When only his horse returns to the ranch, the sons set off to find Ben's missing rifle at best or at the worst his killers.
1370.	Bonanza (1959 TV Series)
Episode: The Last Haircut (1963)
Three rough men enter a barber shop, where one of them finds a pretext to kill a man. Little Joe is on the scene, and befriends the murdered man's son, Paco. The murderer is arrested and brought to trial. However, despite eye-witness testimony, a slick lawyer convinces the jury to return a verdict of Not Guilty. Little Joe is enraged at the failure of the justice system. He joins Paco in seeking vengeance against the freed murderer. Ben helps Joe decide how best to respond to injustice, and how best to help Paco find a new life without his father.
1371.	Bonanza (1959 TV Series)
Episode: Something Hurt, Something Wild (1966)
Laurie Ferguson, daughter of a friend and neighboring landowner to The Ponderosa, is home after years of attending school in the East. First, she accuses Little Joe of taking liberties, causing trouble between the Fergusons and the Cartwrights. Two days later, Laurie similarly accuses one of her father's best ranch hands, Brett, and vanquishes him from the property. Either normal young men are suddenly acting like rakes or else there is something very, very wrong with Laurie Ferguson.
1372.	Bonanza (1959 TV Series)
Episode: Dead Wrong (1969)
During a long ride back to the Ponderosa, thirsty Hoss and Candy stop at the Sunville saloon where Salty Hubbard, known for his tall tales and practical jokes, tells his cronies that Hoss is the notorious bank robber, Big Jack. The town folk initially scoff at Salty's claim but a series of unfortunate events gives the prevarication a ring of truth and there is talk of a hanging. When a contrite Salty admits to Hoss that he lied to impress his friends, Candy thinks of a way to save both Salty's pride and Hoss' life but, as with most best laid plans, this one goes awry when the real Big Jack comes to town.
1373.	Bonanza (1959 TV Series)
Episode: The Unseen Wound (1967)
Ben visits his old friend Paul Rowen, the sheriff of Concho. His wife Katherine says he has been complaining of headaches for six months now. When he starts shooting innocent people he swore to protect, the whole town has to decide how best to keep from killing their good friend.
1374.	Bonanza (1959 TV Series)
Episode: Walter and the Outlaws (1964)
Hoping the clever canine will lead them to his master's gold, a trio of hapless outlaws plan to dog-nap Walter, Otis the prospector's best friend, after the old man goes on a brief vacation and temporarily leaves the pup with Hoss at the Ponderosa.
1375.	Mr Selfridge (2013 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #3.1 (2015)
The war is now over and much has changed for Harry Selfridge. His beloved Rose died during the Spanish flu epidemic and Harry still feels the loss deeply. Rosalie is about to marry a young Russian nobleman, Serge de Bolotoff, though his overbearing mother, Princess Marie, is a presence in any circumstance. Serge is an avid aviator and wants Harry to back him in establishing a new commercial air service. Harry meets a young developer, Nancy Webb, who is looking to build low cost housing for returning soldiers. At the store, there is some tension on the loading docks as the men return from service to find that women are working there. Kitty and Frank Edwards are now married; Mr. Grove has returned safely and resumed his duties; Agnes Towler is thrilled at Henri Leclerc's safe return, though he may not e in the best of health; and Miss Mardle is coming to end of her leave of absence from the store and must decide on her future. Victor Colleano has opened a modern nightclub but faces problems with a bent policeman. Also back in London after a four year absence is Lord Loxley, who is determined to get his revenge on Harry.
1376.	Mr Selfridge (2013 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #2.10 (2014)
The entire Selfridge family is reunited as Harry's daughters and his mother arrive in London. Rose has been seeing her doctor but the news is not good and so she plans for their upcoming Thanksgiving dinner to be the best ever. Miss Mardle tells Florian that he needs to get on with his life as she is too old for him. Henri learns that the charges against him in New York have been dropped and he is now free to return to France and join the army. Agnes is thrilled by her brother George's return and she and Victor decide to get married before he returns to the front. It's not to be however. George has terrible tales of what war is truly like. Lady Mae thinks her husband may have kept the original list of trusted manufacturers Harry gave him. It could be the proof they need to save Harry's reputation and destroy Loxley's.
1377.	Mr Selfridge (2013 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #3.4 (2015)
Kitty is taken to hospital, where Frank is horrified to discover that her attackers were the soldiers he met, who bought drink with the money he gave them. The police are called but Frank, fearing he will be incriminated, asks Kitty to drop the charges, much to her disgust. Serge learns that Loxley was only using him to get at Harry and has no intention of funding his airport. Violette makes a play for Victor, to the annoyance of Gordon, visiting the club with his companion Grace Calthorpe. Victor also tells the blackmailing policeman Purkiss he will no longer pay him protection money. After a heart to heart with Agnes Henri decides that it is best for them to leave Selfridges and London. A saddened Harry confides in Nancy Webb and ends up kissing her.
1378.	The Abyss (1989)
During the height of the Cold War the USS Montana, a US nuclear ballistic submarine, sinks into an ocean abyss due to unknown circumstances. The US Navy scramble to the scene to rescue survivors and recover the nuclear missles on board before nearby Russian forces do. Their best hope are a team of divers attached to a submersible drilling platform not far from the crash site. During the operation freak weather conditions damage the platform and sever its communication with the surface. As World War III looms above and tensions rise between the divers and a deployed SEAL team the rescuers discover that there is something else besides the submarine in the Abyss.
1379.	Schitt's Creek (2015 TV Series)
Episode: Turkey Shoot (2015)
Following an incident where David is unable to kill an insect in his room, Stevie, as a joke, invites David along on Roland's annual turkey shoot. To prove that he is nothing like Stevie believes him to be, David accepts. The horror that is the day for David can only be relieved by something to take his mind away from it, that something which Moira is able to provide. Because Moira is outwardly stressed, Jocelyn invites her on a girls day out to Janine's, the salon in Elmdale. Moira comes out of that situation even more stressed for a specific reason. Jocelyn may have a better handle on Moira than Moira thought. And Ted, the veterinarian, asks Alexis out on a date. Although she likes Ted in his handsomeness and the fact that he is a "doctor", she thinks Ted's best use is as a prop to make Mutt jealous.
1380.	Schitt's Creek (2015 TV Series)
Episode: Our Cup Runneth Over (2015)
The once opulently rich Roses, following news that their now absent business manager has left them financially ruined by among other things not paying their taxes, are left by the government with only a modest income and one asset: Schitt's Creek. Johnny purchased the backwater town of Schitt's Creek over twenty years ago solely as a joke for David, who didn't even know about it. As it is their sole asset, they are forced to live there, in two rooms at the local motel, until they figure out a way to get back on their feet. In Schitt's Creek, they will initially mostly have to interact with Stevie Budd, the front desk clerk who prides herself on not doing anything, and the town's mayor, Roland Schitt, a socially unaware redneck. Alexis believes she has a plan to save herself - and only herself - from this new life, the rest of her family be damned. Johnny will learn that despite his disdain for Roland, it is best to keep on the mayor's good side.
1381.	Contact (1997)
The skeptical scientist Dr. Ellie Arroway researches extraterrestrial life with her team in Puerto Rico. When David Drumlin (Tom Skerritt) shuts-down the project, Ellie seeks for private funds to reopen her research in New Mexico. An anonymous millionaire provides the necessary funds and Ellie proceeds with her work. Four years later, she is contacted by alien forms from Vega that send a coded message. The millionaire S.R. Hadden that is financing the research deciphers the message and gives to Ellie the design of an intriguing machine. Ellie concludes that the equipment might be to transport a passenger to Vega. Now she needs to convince a commission formed by military, politicians, scientists and religious leaders that she is the best candidate for the journey.
1382.	End of Watch (2012)
The efficient LAPD Police Officers Brian Taylor and Mike Zavala are partners and best friends. Mike is married with Gabby, who is pregnant, and Brian is having a serious love affair with Janet. Brian has the intention of making a movie and is using a handy cam to film his daily work with his partner, under the protest of his colleague Van Hauser. After killing a powerful gangster in self-defense, they are transferred by Sarge to South Central Los Angeles where there is a war between black and Mexican gangs. When Mike and Brian arrest a gangster and find a great load of drugs and people involved in human-trafficking, they are sentenced to death by the Cartel and hunted down by a Mexican gang. What will happen to them?
1383.	NYPD Blue (1993 TV Series)
Episode: A.D.A. Sipowicz (1995)
Pre-wedding jitters put Sipowicz in a rare form of panic whereas Sylvia remains perfectly calm. While investigating a murder in Chinatown, Russell's drinking problem makes her miss getting a gun off a suspect and she finally admits to Simone about her alcoholism. Meanwhile, Fancy's brother, Reginald, is still having problems with his racist sergeant and his belligerent attitude has resulted in him being investigated by Internal Affairs. So Fancy, Simone, and the squad work together to help clear Reginald of any misconduct. Martinez finally goes out on a date with Lesniak and asks her to be his date for the wedding. At the ceremony, Simone is Sipowicz's best man, Sylvia's father escorts her down the aisle and even Andy Jr. makes it just in time for the ceremony. Medavoy brings his ex-wife to the wedding while a lonely and jealous Donna painfully watches from afar.
1384.	Revolution (2012 TV Series)
Episode: The Patriot Act (2013)
Miles and Company are trapped in Willoughby. When Rachel discovers some unsettling truths, Miles does what he does best to overcome obstacles before him and those he cares about. Meanwhile, Charlie shares a moment with her mom, as Neville and Jason continue their struggles between father and son.
1385.	Friday (1995)
Having just been canned from his job on his day off, Craig and his best friend Smokey spend the day smoking up in their South Central neighborhood while dealing with a neighborhood bully, relationship troubles, an angry drug dealer, and a lot of other odd characters.
1386.	Napoleon Dynamite (2004)
Preston, Idaho's most curious resident, Napoleon Dynamite, lives with his grandma and his 32-year-old brother (who cruises chat rooms for ladies) and works to help his best friend, Pedro, snatch the Student Body President title from mean teen Summer Wheatley.
1387.	Savages (2012)
In California, the former Navy SEAL Chon and his best friend, the peaceful botanist Ben, are successful entrepreneurs producing and dealing high-quality weed. Chon brought seeds from Afghanistan and Ben used his knowledge to develop the best marijuana in the country. Chon and Ben share the pothead lover Ophelia and she loves both of them since they complete each other - Chon is a powerful and strong lover and Ben is a sensible and loving lover. Their comfortable life changes when the Mexican Baja Cartel demands a partnership in their business. Chon and Ben refuse the deal and the leader of the cartel Elena sends her right-arm in America, Lado, to abduct Ophelia to press the American drug dealers. Chon and Ben ask the support of the dirty DEA Agent Dennis and get inside information to begin a secret war against the Baja Cartel to release Ophelia.
Entrepreneurs Ben, a peaceful and charitable marijuana producer, and friend Chon, a former Navy SEAL, run a lucrative, homegrown industry - raising some of the best weed ever developed. They also share a one-of-a-kind love with Ophelia. Life is idyllic in their Southern California town... until the Mexican Baja Cartel decides to move in and demands that the trio partners with them. When the merciless head of the BC, Elena, and her enforcer, Lado, underestimate the unbreakable bond of the three friends, Ben and Chon - with the reluctant assistance of a dirty DEA agent - wage a seemingly unwinnable war against the cartel. And so begins a series of increasingly vicious ploys and maneuvers in a high stakes, savage battle of wills.
1388.	Project X (2012)
It's Thomas Kub's 17th birthday and all he wants to do is throw a small party with some friends to help raise his social status and maybe even get lucky. But when his best friend Costa starts calling radio stations and putting ads up on Craigslist, you can be sure that this party is going to get really out of hand really fast.
1389.	Middle School: The Worst Years of My Life (2016)
Imaginative quiet teenager Rafe Katchadorian is tired of his middle school's obsession with the rules at the expense of any and all creativity. Desperate to shake things up, Rafe and his best friends have come up with a plan: break every single rule in the school and let the students run wild.
1390.	Good Witch (2015 TV Series)
Episode: Running Scared (2015)
Ashley, a troubled young woman, shows up at Grey House looking for a place to stay. Next door, after Nick's trouble at school, Sam attempts to discipline him without pushing him away. After being caught between them, Grace tries to avoid Nick, but soon finds herself a pawn in another one of his lies now involving her best friend Anthony. Using intuition and some of Cassie's advice, Grace plans to expose Nick's lie to Sam, who must finally improve his family's relationship. Meanwhile, Middleton prepares for the annual Heritage Festival, including a 10K race and grand ball, and bistro owner Stephanie hopes to spark a romantic connection and a date to the dance with Sam. Then, as a suspicious Brandon is eager to investigate Ashley's background, one of Cassie's coincidences draws Ashley and Derek together.
1391.	Wedding Crashers (2005)
The thirty and something years old bachelor partners and best friends divorce mediators John Beckwith and Jeremy Grey have a hobby of crashing weddings following predetermined rules to have one night stand with different women. When they decide to crash the most important wedding of Washington pretending they are brothers, in a party promoted by the Secretary of Treasury William Cleary, John breaks their rules and has a crush on Claire Cleary and Jeremy scores the sex-addicted Gloria Cleary, both daughters of William. Gloria invites Jeremy to spend the weekend at the Cleary family estate, and John sees the chance to be close to Claire, in spite of her engagement with the arrogant Zachary "Sack" Lodge. Along the weekend with the dysfunctional Cleary family, John and Jeremy will fall in love for the sisters, but their real identities jeopardize the relationship.
1392.	Fast & Furious (2009)
Heading back to the streets where it all began, two men rejoin two women to blast muscle, tuner and exotic cars across Los Angeles and floor through the Mexican desert. When a crime brings them back to L.A., fugitive ex-con Dom Toretto reignites his feud with agent Brian O'Connor. But as they are forced to confront a shared enemy, Dom and Brian must give in to an uncertain new trust if they hope to outmaneuver him. And from convoy heists to precision tunnel crawls across international lines, two men will find the best way to get revenge: push the limits of what's possible behind the wheel.
1393.	Sabrina, the Teenage Witch (1996 TV Series)
Episode: Pilot (1996)
Sabrina Spellman isn't having the best of luck. She's just started a new school year, and the popular girl, Libby, not only hates her, but wants her hand on Sabrina's crush, Harvey. Also, at her 16th birthday party, she realizes that she is witch, but also half mortal; she is the daughter of a warlock and a mortal woman.
1394.	Moon (2009)
Sam Bell has a three year contract to work for Lunar Industries. For the contract's entire duration, he is the sole employee based at their lunar station. His primary job responsibility is to harvest and periodically rocket back to Earth supplies of helium-3, the current clean and abundant fuel used on Earth. There is no direct communication link available between the lunar station and Earth, so his only direct real-time interaction is with GERTY, the intelligent computer whose function is to attend to his day to day needs. With such little human contact and all of it indirect, he feels that three years is far too long to be so isolated; he knows he is beginning to hallucinate as the end of his three years approaches. All he wants is to return to Earth to be with his wife Tess and their infant daughter Eve, who was born just prior to his leaving for this job. With two weeks to go, he gets into an accident at one of the mechanical harvesters and is rendered unconscious. Injured, he awakens back at the station in the infirmary, he assumes assisted by GERTY. GERTY tells him that a rescue team named Eliza will come to the station to clean up the aftermath of the accident. After his recuperation, he takes an unauthorized trip back to the broken harvester, where he makes an unexpected discovery. Because of his find, he begins to doubt his sanity, then his true identity, then the company and GERTY's willingness to do what is best for him. Because of his resulting beliefs, his sole mission becomes how to get back to Earth on his own.
1395.	I Am Legend (2007)
Robert Neville is a scientist who was unable to stop the spread of the terrible virus that was incurable and man-made. Immune, Neville is now the last human survivor in what is left of New York City and perhaps the world. For three years, Neville has faithfully sent out daily radio messages, desperate to find any other survivors who might be out there. But he is not alone. Mutant victims of the plague -- The Infected -- lurk in the shadows... watching Neville's every move... waiting for him to make a fatal mistake. Perhaps mankind's last, best hope, Neville is driven by only one remaining mission: to find a way to reverse the effects of the virus using his own immune blood. But he knows he is outnumbered... and quickly running out of time.
1396.	Leave It to Beaver (1957 TV Series)
The Cleavers - father Ward, mother June, older son Wally and younger son Theodore (nicknamed Beaver) - are a loving, middle class family living in the small town of Mayfield. Despite getting along as a family most of the time, they sometimes have to deal with problems in Wally and/or Beaver's life resulting from the generation gap, and the differing mentalities on the same issue by adult parents and their children. Even the six year age difference between Wally and Beaver is enough for each to have a different viewpoint of the world than the other. Generally, Beaver will go through the same issues as Wally in dealing with their parents, only six years later. When disputes or differences happen between the generations, often Wally and/or Beaver's friends, who have much the same mentality as Wally or Beaver, but only from an outsider's perspective, will add fuel to the already blazing fire. Chief amongst them is Wally's trouble-making and two-faced best friend, Eddie Haskell.
1397.	Leave It to Beaver (1957 TV Series)
Episode: School Play (1958)
Grant Avenue School is holding a performing arts festival, with each grade assigned a specific production. Beaver gets cast as the lead in the third grade production of "Flowers and Feathers". Beaver is to play a canary. Beaver is excited about his part and about the production. After the first rehearsal, Miss Wakeland, the director, doesn't think Beaver has what it takes to be a convincing canary, which he overhears. Although he doesn't tell his son so, Ward is also slightly embarrassed by Beaver's part, wishing his role had a bit more meat on it, or wishing the type of bird was a bit more majestic. June asks Ward to be a little more encouraging to the Beaver about the play and his role. Ward's words of encouragement the night of the play, in addition to Miss Wakeland's comments, have the effect of Beaver getting stage fright. Beaver refuses to go on. As Ward, June and Wally sit in the audience, they're sure that Beaver's stage fright will pass and that he'll be the best canary ever... or will he?
1398.	Leave It to Beaver (1957 TV Series)
Episode: One of the Boys (1962)
Eddie believes that the best thing ever in their high school lives has just happened to himself and Wally: they've just been asked the join the Barons, a popular "club" at high school. Wally doesn't know the boys in the club too well, so is a bit hesitant about joining until he gets an official invitation directly from them and meets them. He finds out that they are all about fast sports cars, expensive clothes and attracting fast girls. But Ward's adult perception of them is that they are overly privileged, spoiled and not academically inclined, which in combination doesn't amount to much. Despite June's protests, Ward convinces her that Wally is old enough to make up his own mind about joining, even if they aren't the type of boys that Wally usually associates with, or conversely associate with him. Ward doesn't tell Wally how he feels about the club. Conversely, Wally doesn't tell Ward how he feels about the club, or the reason he was asked to join. This silence between father and son may backfire on both for doing what each really wants.
1399.	Leave It to Beaver (1957 TV Series)
Episode: Larry Hides Out (1960)
Caught reading his sister's diary and embarrassed when his mother scolds him in front of his best friend, Beaver, Larry Mondello decides to run away to Mexico; but Larry only makes it as far as the Cleaver house where he hides out in Beaver's bathtub.
1400.	Leave It to Beaver (1957 TV Series)
Episode: Beaver's Graduation (1963)
With days to go before graduation, Beaver decides to slide, not caring about going to class, or when he does, arriving on time. His parents and Wally try to impress on him the importance of doing his best, even in these last few days. By happenstance, Beaver and Gilbert end up in Mrs. Rayburn's office alone without her knowledge. There, they see the diplomas sitting on her desk. They decide to look through the diplomas to see if one of their classmates will be graduating. But what they also find is that there is no diploma for another student, namely Beaver, who now believes that his slacking off in these last few days has indeed led to him not graduating. Beaver, who confides in Wally, has to figure out what he can do to make up for these last few days so that he can graduate, or else figure out how to break the news to his parents, which may be all the more important as both Uncle Billy and Aunt Martha are coming from out of town specifically to attend Beaver's graduation exercises.
1401.	Leave It to Beaver (1957 TV Series)
Episode: Beaver's Tonsils (1961)
Beaver is feeling ill. Upon examination by their family doctor, Dr. Kirby, the diagnosis is inflamed tonsils, which Dr. Kirby believes might be best removed once the infection goes away since Beaver has been stricken with many colds of late. He will reassess once the inflammation has subsided. Beaver doesn't even consider what removal of his tonsils means, until he speaks to Richard, who uses such terms as "yank" in how they will be removed. To calm Beaver's nerves after his talk with Richard, Ward tries to provide a softer picture of what the whole process will be like: pretty nurses taking care of of him, ice cream for dinner and lots of presents from people who will visit him in the hospital. After that talk, Beaver looks forward to the procedure. But another more normal reality may ultimately kibosh Beaver's latest thoughts about his tonsils being removed.
1402.	Leave It to Beaver (1957 TV Series)
Episode: Eddie Quits School (1962)
All the guys are jealous when Eddie Haskell's dad allows him to drop out of high school, especially when he brags about the money he's making in his new job; but best friend Wally isn't sure that Eddie is as happy as he seems to be with his newfound independence.
1403.	Leave It to Beaver (1957 TV Series)
Episode: Beaver's Guest (1958)
Despite Ward having had a difficult week at work and wanting some peace and quiet over the weekend, he and June allow Beaver to invite Larry over for a weekend sleepover, which would allow Mr. & Mrs. Mondello to go away for the weekend. Ward and June plan on making it an event for the two boys with an outdoor barbecue for dinner. Larry's visit starts off without incident, but Ward and June find that they have to attend to the short attention spans of the two boys, who at one point are best friends, then worst enemies, then at one point are hungry as wolves, then sick from overeating. By the end of the weekend, Ward and June need a weekend to recuperate, but are more wary of a promise they made Wally: that he too could have a friend over for an upcoming weekend, with Wally's choice of friend being Ward and June's worst nightmare.
1404.	Leave It to Beaver (1957 TV Series)
Episode: Friendship (1959)
Beaver and Larry each consider the other their best friend. That changes after they have an argument about nothing important. Ward, using the story of Damon and Pythius, tries to make Beaver understand the nature of true friendship. When Beaver relays the story to Larry in hopes of getting Larry to be his friend again, Larry, wanting to be Pythius in their friendship, takes advantage of Damon, namely Beaver, which gets Beaver into trouble with Miss Landers. Miss Landers is disappointed in Beaver since she considers him not only her student but her friend. When Ward gets wind of what happened, he makes Beaver understand that friendship is a two-way street and that the next step now belongs to Beaver's "Pythius", namely Larry.
1405.	Leave It to Beaver (1957 TV Series)
Episode: Beaver's Prep School (1963)
Ward and June receive a letter from Aunt Martha informing them that she is arriving for a visit in three days, but more importantly that she wants to send Beaver to Fallbrook for high school, one of the best prep schools in the country located in New England. If Beaver decides to go, he will be the fourth generation of Bronsons to attend the school. Ward and June encourage Beaver to accept Aunt Martha's offer as it will be a great opportunity for him, but they doubt if he will want to go. To their surprise, Beaver, after quickly focusing on all the interesting things available to do at Fallbrook compared to Mayfield High such as horseback riding and shooting, is eager to accept, and wants to let Aunt Martha know by telephone even before her arrival. After telling Aunt Martha the news, Beaver just as quickly changes his mind when he realizes everything he will be missing by leaving, such as his friends, family and everything he has known all his life. He has to figure out a way to tell his parents and ultimately Aunt Martha, or else endure something he really no longer wants to do.
1406.	Leave It to Beaver (1957 TV Series)
Episode: Beaver Gets Adopted (1959)
Wally and Beaver take part in a community field day. Wally ends up winning a trophy, of which the family is excited, even Beaver despite Larry's assertion that the trophy means nothing since it's not made of real gold. Regardless, Beaver and Larry end up breaking the trophy. Beaver and Larry's trophy repair job ends up being not very well done. Wally believes Beaver broke it on purpose because he's jealous of his brother's success. But when Beaver gets chastised by his parents and Wally, Beaver doesn't know if he really is sorry anymore he broke the trophy. Angry at everyone, Beaver wishes he had nicer parents, which Ward sarcastically responds that Beaver can try to find new parents if he wants. Taking his father's comments literally, Beaver decides the best place to go to find new parents is an adoption society. But as Mrs. Brady, the understanding adoption society manager, gets closer to finding the best parents she can for Beaver, Beaver starts to get cold feet about his decision for new parents, but doesn't feel he can back out now that he's come this far.
1407.	Leave It to Beaver (1957 TV Series)
Episode: Beaver's Doll Buggy (1961)
When Beaver buys a wrecked 'coaster car' from Eddie Haskell, Wally pitches in to help his little brother fix it up and school chum Penny Woods promises him the wheels from her old doll buggy. But Beaver forgets his tools when he goes to Penny's house to remove the wheels and panics when he runs into his best friends, Gilbert and Richard, while trying to sneak the buggy home.
1408.	Leave It to Beaver (1957 TV Series)
Episode: Beaver, the Model (1960)
Beaver reads an ad in one of his magazines of a New York modeling agency requesting people to send in their photo to become a model, who can make up to $100 a day. Beaver thinks his brother is good looking enough to send in his photo, but Wally refuses. So Beaver sends in a photo of himself instead. Beaver receives a letter from the agency, the letter which his father, who can see it is a scam, tells him to ignore and to ignore any future correspondence from them. Eddie, however, convinces Beaver to send in the application anyway for his photo to appear in the agency's book of its models. The next piece of correspondence Beaver receives, as per the terms of the signed agreement, tells him that he is required to send the agency the $30 registration fee. This time, Beaver thinks the best thing to do is take his father's advice and ignore the letter. But when he receives further letters from the agency stating that the company will take legal action if it doesn't receive the $30, which to Beaver means either losing $30 or going to jail, Beaver doesn't go to his father for help as he doesn't want his father to tell him he told him so. Instead, Beaver goes to someone who he thinks can help him better with this legal situation.
1409.	Leave It to Beaver (1957 TV Series)
Episode: Bachelor at Large (1962)
After a fight with his parents, Eddie moves out of the house and into a room of his own. Ward and June, while concerned for Eddie for being by himself at such a young age, are more concerned about Wally, who may want to emulate his best friend's move. Indeed, both Wally and Beaver are excited that Eddie can do whatever he wants, especially as Eddie tells stories of always being waited on by and having parties with the young female tenants of the rooming house. So it is with trepidation that Ward and June allow Wally to join Lumpy in going to Eddie's for dinner followed by a sleepover. Without telling him the reason, Ward and June renege on allowing Wally to go when the Haskells ask them not to allow Wally to go, they who feel that Eddie is at a state where is almost ready to come home and that Wally and Lumpy's presence would give Eddie some more confidence to be on his own. But when Wally, with Beaver in tow, goes to Eddie's place to tell him that neither he or Lumpy can make it for dinner and the sleepover, Wally, seeing how Eddie is really living, decides that he needs to help Mrs. Evans, Eddie's caring landlady, get Eddie back to where he belongs.
1410.	Leave It to Beaver (1957 TV Series)
Episode: The Grass Is Always Greener (1959)
After overhearing a woman try to get out of a parking ticket and after talking to Larry about his own home life, Beaver comes to the conclusion that he should really listen to the chit-chat that happens around his own house. One piece of information that Beaver gleans from this chit-chat by his father is that they will end up in "the poor house" if things keep on the way that they are. This news makes Beaver curious about poor people, what they're like and where they hang out. When Mr. Fletcher, their neighborhood garbage man, looks like what Ward tells him some poor people look like, Beaver wants to get to know Mr. Fletcher better. Having kids Beaver's age, Mr. Fletcher is more than happy to show Beaver his home life, living in a house the other side of town near the dump. Ward is more than willing to let Beaver do this exploration, but June is concerned. When Beaver comes home excited about the great time he had at the Fletchers, Ward and June, coming from two different perspectives, believe that having the two Fletcher boys come for a visit may be the next best step, despite Wally and Beaver's assertions that there's nothing to do in their own neighborhood compared to playing in the dump. Pete and Chris Fletcher's visit shows all the Cleavers and the Fletchers what life on the other side is really like.
1411.	Leave It to Beaver (1957 TV Series)
Episode: Lumpy's Car Trouble (1962)
Since Wally doesn't have his drivers license, busy Ward reluctantly gives Lumpy Rutherford permission to drive the Cleaver family car to an out-of-town track meet. But, in spite of Wally's promises to stay on the main road, troublemakers Lumpy and Eddie Haskell convince Wally to let them take a "shortcut" on the way home from the meet and the boys break down on a dirt road in the middle of the woods. The boys take the car to a shop to have it repaired so that the damage won't be noticed, but unbeknownst to them one of Ward's co-workers had spotted the boys pushing his car along the highway. Ward confronts Wally and Beaver to find out exactly what happened, then tells them the car is off limits "for awhile." Ward also refuses to reveal his informant to his sons, defending his action so as to ensure the boys are always on their best behavior and may be caught at any time.
1412.	Leave It to Beaver (1957 TV Series)
Episode: The Haircut (1957)
June learns that Beaver has been going without his lunch for three days, and she can't get him to tell her why. Ward has a man-to-man talk with his young son, and the truth comes out: he "losted" his lunch money. Ward is angry and informs Beaver that this had better never happen again. The next day Beaver goes to get a haircut at the barber: June wants him to look his best when he plays an angel in the school play. Ward gives him the money; Beaver loses the money. Beaver simply can't tell his father that he has done it again. Instead, he tries to give himself a haircut. Later, he makes Wally complicit in his scheme by asking him to finish up the job he is clearly botching. Wally only makes the haircut worse. Now Beaver is nearly bald, with odd tufts of hair sticking out here and there, and a long strip in the middle. His only hope of escaping punishment is to conceal his head until his hair grows back.
1413.	Leave It to Beaver (1957 TV Series)
Episode: Found Money (1959)
Beaver isn't worried that he doesn't have any money to spend at the carnival after his best friend Larry Mondello promises to pay the way. But conniving Larry has spent all of his allowance too and, sneaking money from his mother's sewing basket, throws it out the window and arranges to have Beaver "find" it.
1414.	Leave It to Beaver (1957 TV Series)
Episode: Beaver's First Date (1961)
After two years of using every excuse to try and avoid going to dancing class, Beaver comes home from dancing class stating it was one of the best times he's ever had. Wally gets it out of him that it's because of a new girl in the class named Betsy Patterson. Beaver isn't sure why he likes her, but it is his first ever case of puppy love for a girl his own age. Mrs. Thompson, the dancing school teacher, is holding a party in a week's time to which all the boys in the class are supposed to invite a girl from the class. Beaver manages to get up enough nerve to ask Betsy, who accepts. In addition, Wally, a former dancing school student, is asked to chaperon. Wally's presence may make a nervous Beaver feel more comfortable since he can follow Wally's lead in how to act properly to a girl. Will this dance make Beaver forget all about being a kid or will it be his full fledged entrance into puberty?
1415.	Leave It to Beaver (1957 TV Series)
Episode: Beaver and Andy (1960)
Ward and June find that keeping old friend Andy Hadlock's "trouble" a secret from the boys was not the best way to handle the problem and the whole family learns an important lesson about alcoholism after Beaver unwittingly causes handyman Andy to fall off the wagon...and a ladder!
Andy is an old acquaintance of Ward's who is seeking work as a handyman. Ward - knowing that Andy is an alcoholic and struggling to stay sober - agrees to give him a chance and assigns him to paint the trim. June has to be reassured that Andy will pose no problems or pose a bad influence to Wally or Beaver. Things go fine at first, but one afternoon while Beaver is home alone, Andy comes in complaining of shakiness. He asks Beaver to get him a drink; at first, Beaver gives him water, but Andy was thinking of something more and asks Beaver to go to his father's alcohol chest to get him whatever he can find. Beaver finds Ward's bottle of brandy and innocently serves it to Andy. Later that afternoon, Ward arrives home and finds Andy drunk; he is forced to take him home. Later, Ward tells June (and later, Wally) about the situation, and instructs both not to talk about it to Beaver, since he might not understand what's going on. But Beaver gets the truth out of Wally and the topic comes up at supper. Beaver admits he served Andy the alcohol. Ward is initially upset but then realizes that both he and June have a duty to tell their sons things that aren't always pleasant, and that such things best come from them. The next day, a sober Andy comes by the house, agrees that he has a problem and vows to change.
1416.	Leave It to Beaver (1957 TV Series)
Episode: Beaver and Kenneth (1960)
June attends a mother's club meeting a Beaver's school. There, June talks to Miss Landers, who tells her that there have been some thefts from some of the students' lockers the past week - the missing items being a baseball glove, a lunch box and a cap - but the school authorities have not told the children hoping that the mystery will solve itself. Later, when June vacuums in Beaver and Wally's room, she finds a baseball glove, a lunch box and a cap under Beaver's bed. June is concerned enough to call Ward home from work earlier than usual. What June and Ward don't know about is Beaver's friendship with a new boy in his class named Kenneth Purcell, who considers Beaver his best friend. Kenneth shows his friendship to Beaver by providing him gifts given to him by his rich father, gifts such as a baseball glove, a lunch box and a cap. Beaver's friendship with Kenneth may inadvertently get Beaver into trouble.
1417.	Leave It to Beaver (1957 TV Series)
Episode: The Big Fish Count (1961)
Parker's Pet Store is holding a contest, where the person who comes closest to guessing the number of fish in a fish tank at the store wins the grand prize of a pedigreed collie puppy. Beaver and Gilbert are collaborating on their entry, they who are sure they will guess the right number. But counting the fish ends up being a little more difficult than they imagined. But Gilbert believes they have an in when Eddie starts working at the pet store, he who got the job solely to pay off a debt to his father. As Eddie is Wally's best friend, Gilbert is certain Eddie would tell Wally the correct number. Beaver isn't so certain if using inside knowledge is such a good idea, or if Eddie really does know the correct answer. The wild card in the situation is Eddie himself, who, regardless of knowing or not knowing, may want to boast to his closest friends the correct number to show that he indeed is a trusted and valued member of the Parker's Pet Store family.
1418.	Leave It to Beaver (1957 TV Series)
Episode: Junior Fire Chief (1961)
Miss Landers' class is conducting another civic project, this time on fire prevention, and as such the class must elect a junior fire chief. Perpetual follower but never leader Beaver isn't planning on running until his parents talk him into it, telling him that it is good for him to want to be leader sometimes. Despite Wally thinking Beaver too nice a guy to be elected, the class does vote him junior fire chief. When the class learns that only the class with the best project will be able to go the the fire hall for a field trip, Beaver, goaded on by the other kids in his class about the importance of the job, hands out citation after citation, not only to his family, but to others around the neighborhood. In the process, he is also yelling and screaming at everyone to gain their respect. Although they admire his conscientiousness, Ward and June want Beaver to learn that he is taking things a little too far. This lesson, however, is one he will have to learn on his own.
1419.	Leave It to Beaver (1957 TV Series)
Episode: Beaver Plays Hooky (1959)
Beaver and Larry are walking to school together. Along the way, they become mesmerized by the big machine drilling a hole at a city works site. A mishap at the site with their school books and their lunch boxes and being late for school already makes Beaver and Larry think that they should just skip school altogether today. But as the lunch hour rolls around and they start to get hungry, they figure the supermarket may be the best place to get some free food samples. But what they believe is a food line-up outside the market is really a line-up to get into the set of a live local television show broadcast. While they wait for their food, Beaver and Larry just hope that no one they know is watching the show on television. At the end of it all, Beaver learns a lesson about respect.
1420.	Leave It to Beaver (1957 TV Series)
Episode: Beaver's Monkey (1960)
June definitely will not let Beaver keep the mouse he brings home hoping to keep as a pet. Ward tells him that a mouse is not an appropriate pet, but that they would let him keep any animal that is a sensible pet. So Beaver is excited when he sees on the supermarket bulletin board that someone is giving away a pet monkey, which used to be a circus animal. June is equally as concerned about having a monkey in the house as she was a mouse, but not wanting to go back on his word, Ward convinces her that they should let Beaver keep the monkey, named Stanley. After an incident with Stanley in the house, Ward and June, as much as they come to like the little guy (who Beaver thinks having is as good as a little brother), believe that Stanley is much too big to keep, news which they are not looking forward to telling the Beaver. But wanting what's best for his new pet, Beaver, unknown to his parents, has his own thoughts about what to do with Stanley.
1421.	Leave It to Beaver (1957 TV Series)
Episode: Forgotten Party (1959)
Beaver receives an invitation to the birthday party of David Manning, a boy he used to go to school with but who he hasn't seen in a while. David considers Beaver to be his best friend and is the only friend he is allowed to invite from their old school. The party is three days away on Saturday morning. But by the time Saturday morning rolls around, Beaver has totally forgotten about the party, instead preoccupying his time playing with his new camera and hanging out with Larry. Receiving a frantic call from David's mother, June, with Ward and Wally, takes charge in making sure that Beaver makes it to the party. When they eventually find Beaver, he, having watched a road tarring crew, is unfortunately in no shape to rush off to the party until he takes a bath, leaving June to go out and buy a birthday gift. But Beaver is ashamed that June has bought what he considers a gift for babies, and not for a ten year old boy. Later, when June finds the gift under Beaver's bed, they believe the worst of Beaver in terms of attending the party with no gift.
1422.	Leave It to Beaver (1957 TV Series)
Episode: Kite Day (1961)
It's father-son kite day at Metzger's Field this upcoming Saturday, with a lot of prizes to be handed out. Beaver is hoping that his father will be as excited about it as he is. Luckily, Ward is, he who professes to be the best kite builder of his day in Shaker Heights. Despite resorting to using a kite kit instead of building it from scratch like they did when Ward was a child, Beaver and Ward are happy with their accomplishment as they did it together. They are however unable to test the kite until Saturday as they have to let the glue dry. But Gilbert talks Beaver into testing it with him anyway. In doing so, Beaver breaks the kite when it crashes down to the ground after the test flight. Beaver hides the broken kite from his parents and hopes for the miracle in the form of rain to cancel kite day, or barring that, finding a native Indian who knows how to do a rain dance.
1423.	Leave It to Beaver (1957 TV Series)
Episode: Beaver's Poster (1961)
Beaver finds his father's old sketch book. Thinking the drawings are good and learning that Ward at one time aspired to be a commercial artist, Beaver, who had no idea of his father's talent in this area, wants somehow to be able to capitalize on it. He thinks he's found what that venture will be when Miss Landers suggests a class project on the colonial era. Beaver is one of three volunteers each who will draw a poster for the project. The best poster will win a prize. Beaver, who is no artist in his own right, wants his father to draw the poster for him. While Ward offers to provide Beaver with guidance, he refuses to do Beaver's homework for him, telling him he will get much more satisfaction out of the accomplishment of doing it on his own. Beaver takes his father's words to heart, and refuses to let anyone with a helpful artist's hand touch his poster, despite how badly the poster turns out without that help. There is a surprising reaction to Beaver's poster compared to that of the other two.
1424.	Leave It to Beaver (1957 TV Series)
Episode: The Spot Removers (1960)
Wally and his friends have decided to make their upcoming party a formal affair, with the guys all wearing suits. Even blazers and slacks is considered too casual. June has just mended Wally's good suit which is now hanging in his closet. But Beaver, who has gone fishing with his new friend Richard, has just come home smelling of fish, and hangs his dirty, smelly jacket on top of Wally's clean suit. Wally is angry enough, but Beaver is apologetic for irritating his brother, which he hates to do. But Wally doesn't stay mad as he knows kids can do dumb things, and the suit can be dry cleaned in time for the party. However, when Wally's suit comes back from the dry cleaners and June gives it to Beaver to hang up, Richard, who is at the Cleaver house visiting, spills some leather conditioning oil on the suit. Not wanting to get into more trouble, Beaver and Richard try to fix the problem by cleaning it off themselves with the best cleaner they know of: bleach. When the bleach has the unanticipated effect of turning the jacket white, Beaver further decides the best course of action is to paint the stain with watercolor paint. Beaver knows that he's in trouble, but feels worse for doing something unintentionally bad to Wally than he does for the scolding he figures he will get from his parents. But Beaver gets an unexpected ally in the matter.
1425.	Downfall (2004)
A non-political person, qv##nm0432622##, then twenty-four years old and the personal secretary to qv##nm0386944##, recounts the two weeks in her life starting on April 20, 1945, the day of Hitler's 56th birthday. Spent primarily in the Fuhrer's bunker, she and many of the leaders of the Nazi party were taking refuge from the siege of Berlin by the advancing Russian troops. It seemed almost a guarantee that the Russians would take control of the city and that Germany would lose the war. Hitler and his military were trying to decide what to do, many giving Hitler the advice of getting out of Berlin and/or surrendering to save the lives of the German civilian population. Hitler made up his own decisions on what he felt stood for his own political ideals, and treated anyone, even during these tenuous times, as being treasonous if they disobeyed his orders. Regardless, many ended up doing what they felt best for themselves despite possible execution by their own if they disobeyed the Fuhrer. As the situation for the Nazi's became more desperate, the more desperate their individual actions became, some following their Fuhrer to the end.
1426.	Vacation (1983)
The Griswold family, father Clark W., wife Ellen, daughter Audrey and son Rusty, set out in high spirit to spend their vacation driving cross-country from Chicago to a glorious climax in Walley World on the West Coast. The trip which Clark planned down to the minute, slowly loses its smoothness from the moment the first grain of sand gets in. A meeting with constantly-in-debt, simple-minded cousin Eddie results in the Griswold family giving cantankerous aunt Edna a lift to Phoenix. Of course, the Griswolds receive one strike of bad luck after another, and when they finally arrive at Walley World, they have to find out that the park is closed for maintenance. But Clark promised his beloved family the best vacation ever...
1427.	Michael Clayton (2007)
Forty-five year old divorced father Michael Clayton, formerly a respected litigator, has long been the "fixer" for New York law firm Kenner, Bach, and Ledeen. Likening his work to that of a janitor, he cleans up the messes of the firm's clients as well as that of the firm itself. He knows that he cannot do this job forever, especially as he is getting burnt out and as the firm is going through a merger, he not having an official job title describing what he does to the other firm. As a fall-back, he had gone through the process to open a bar with his brother Timmy, but is now $80,000 in debt to a loan shark as Timmy, a drug addict who has since gone into hiding, used their money to fuel his drug habit. Despite being the best at his job, Michael seems unable to fix his own personal problem. The latest issue he faces at work concerns Arthur Edens, the senior and best litigator in the firm. A manic-depressive whose condition is largely managed by medication, Arthur has been working solely on a case for U-North, an agro-conglomerate, for the past six years. It is a $3 billion class action lawsuit against U-North. Arthur largely works with Karen Crowder, U-North's general counsel, she a woman who highly controls what others see of her. The issue is that Arthur, off his meds and in a manic state, starts to strip naked while in a deposition meeting in Milwaukee. Beyond needing to fix the problem that Arthur has created, Michael has to figure out if his rantings were that of a madman, or if there was some other end to which Arthur is working. In his dealings with Arthur, with the highers up at the firm, and indirectly with U-North and Karen, Michael may come to some understandings about what is fully going-on, but not without some further risk to his own livelihood as well as his life.
1428.	Only Fools and Horses.... (1981 TV Series)
Hugely successful British comedy about of two streetwise London brothers: Del (Derek) and Rodney Trotter. In early years they shared their council flat with 'Grandad' (until the death of actor 'Lennard Pierce') later to be replaced by 'Uncle Albert', a WWII Navy veteran with an anecdote for any occasion. Del and Rodney are best described as lovable and harmless black market traders; they buy and (try to) sell almost anything and many an episode is based around some faulty/stolen stock bought by Del. As with other comedies from writer John Sullivan, the humor is devilishly engineered so as not to telegraph the jokes before the punchlines and there's always a strong cast of support characters. The series has won countless awards and ratings battles.
1429.	Only Fools and Horses.... (1981 TV Series)
Episode: May the Force Be with You (1983)
Del Boy's arch-enemy from school turns up in Peckham, but this time he's known as Detective Inspector Slater from the Met Police. Having known Del and his wily ways since they were at school together, Slater knows exactly who to watch when he's on the trail of some stolen microwaves. Hapless Rodney has no idea who Slater is when he gets chatting to him in The Nags Head. It's only when he sees the horror on Del's face, after bringing Slater back to the flat for a reunion meal, that Rodney realises something is wrong Despite Rodney's best efforts, the game appears to be up - one of the microwaves in question is sitting on the sideboard in full view of everybody. Slater immediately begins to question Del, and after threatening Rodney with fictitious drug charges, he forces Del to turn snitch. Much against his better judgement, Del decides to protect his little brother and spills the beans, but only after bartering for immunity for the whole Trotter family.
1430.	Only Fools and Horses.... (1981 TV Series)
Episode: Christmas Crackers (1981)
Rodney has ran out of yuletide cheer, as the annual routing of the Trotter festivities are wearing thin. Burnt turkey, charred Christmas pudding, the same old things on television, and nothing but a book lent to him by Mickey Pierce: 'Body Language: The Lost Art.' When Grandad puts on his glad rags and heads to the OAPs' party at the community centre, the Trotter boys head to The Monte Carlo Club. Rodney puts his new-found knowledge of the unspoken language of love to use, but Del Boy has other ideas. As the brothers argue over who's technique is best, the objects of their affections are whisked away from under their noses.
1431.	The F Word (2013)
WHAT IF is the story of medical school dropout Wallace, who's been repeatedly burned by bad relationships. So while everyone around him, including his roommate Allan seems to be finding the perfect partner, Wallace decides to put his love life on hold. It is then that he meets Chantry an animator who lives with her longtime boyfriend Ben. Wallace and Chantry form an instant connection, striking up a close friendship. Still, there is no denying the chemistry between them, leading the pair to wonder, what if the love of your life is actually your best friend?
1432.	EuroTrip (2004)
Ohio high school student Scott Thomas is a good student and nice guy - albeit a little predictable - who is about to graduate and go into pre-med. He is unceremoniously dumped by his whorish girlfriend Fiona on graduation day. Among the people he turns to in his hour of despair is his German pen pal, Mike. Scott and Mike seem to have a special connection. After Mike makes advances to Scott now that he and Fiona are not seeing each other, Scott abruptly sends Mike a message saying he never wants to hear from him again. However, Scott learns shorty thereafter that Mike is actually a beautiful girl named Mieke. By this time, Mieke has blocked his messages. Thinking that Mieke is actually who he was meant to be with, Scott, impulsively for a change, decides to go to Berlin to be with her. Along for the ride is Scott's best friend, the girl crazy Cooper Harris. They manage only to get a flight into London, and thus have to make their way from London to Berlin. Along the way in Paris, they run into their high school friends, twins Jenny and Jamie, who are backpacking through Europe. Scott and Cooper consider them the most mismatched twins ever, Jamie who is a walking encyclopedia, and Jenny a girl who they treat as just one of the guys. As the four try to make their way to Berlin, they run into a few obstacles and few adventures. Scott hopes that all these problems are worth it when he has his much hyped in his mind meeting with Mieke.
1433.	Minority Report (2002)
It is the year 2054 - Washington D.C. - dreams can be recreated through computers, computer monitors and displays are transformed into holograms, and identification is done through eye-scanning. John Anderton lost his son, and to prevent horrible events from occurring to other individuals he joins a unit known as "Pre-Crime" - where murderers are arrested before they can commit the murder. How does Pre-Crime work? Through 3 people known as "precogs". They are 3 psychics used to see the future and they see murders exactly the way they will occur. Through advanced technology, Pre-Crime officers are able to see what the precogs see, and they analyze the data, identify the perpetrator and victim, and try their best to stop the murder from occurring. The perpetrator is put into a sleep state with a device called a "halo". John Anderton gets accused of murdering a man he has never even met, causing him to run from Pre-Crime and prove his innocence.
1434.	The Office (2001 TV Series)
Episode: Work Experience (2001)
Manager David Brent hires his best friend's daughter despite the impending redundancies and throws a staff member out of the meeting for an inappropriate comment. He soon finds there is an e-mail circulating of a naked woman with his own head digitally superimposed. He's not pleased and asks Gareth to find the perpetrator. His interrogation of staff doesn't quite provide the information he's seeking. Jennifer Taylor-Clark returns to find that David has done nothing to improve efficiency. She's also at a loss to understand how he could promise no redundancies.
1435.	The Blind Side (2009)
Based on the true story of Leigh Anne and Sean Tuohy who take in a homeless teenage African-American, Michael "Big Mike" Oher. Michael has no idea who his father is and his mother is a drug addict. Michael has had little formal education and few skills to help him learn. Leigh Anne soon takes charge however, as is her nature, ensuring that the young man has every opportunity to succeed. When he expresses an interest in football, she goes all out to help him, including giving the coach a few ideas on how best to use Michael's skills. They not only provide him with a loving home, but hire a tutor to help him improve his grades to the point where he would qualify for an NCAA Division I athletic scholarship. Michael Oher was the first-round pick of the Baltimore Ravens in the 2009 NFL draft.
1436.	Mom (2013 TV Series)
Single mom Christy has her hands full with two children, Violet and Roscoe, and maintaining newfound sobriety, when her passive-aggressive, recovering-alcoholic mother re-enters the picture, brimming with criticisms about Christy's life. As the daughter works to be the best mother she can and to overcome mistakes she made, she must also navigate dysfunctional relationships with romantic interests, and with her irresponsible ex-husband, Baxter. Despite the uphill battle, Christy tries to remain positive and stay on a path to help her reach her goals.
1437.	Mom (2013 TV Series)
Episode: Benito Poppins and a Warm Pumpkin (2015)
Christy's boss and ex Gabriel. is told by his wife, she wants a divorce and is firing him from his job. When he says she can't just find someone else to replace him and she does with Christy. She does her best and thinks she's over her head. So she turns to Gabriel for help. Bonnie's not exactly doing a good job as building manager that one of the tenants decides to have her removed.
1438.	Bring It On (2000)
The Toro cheerleading squad from Rancho Carne High School in San Diego has got spirit, spunk, sass and a killer routine that's sure to land them the national championship trophy for the sixth year in a row. But for newly-elected team captain Torrance, the Toros' road to total cheer glory takes a shady turn when she discovers that their perfectly-choreographed routines were in fact stolen from the Clovers, a hip-hop squad from East Compton, by the Toro's former captain. While the Toros scramble to come up with a new routine, the Clovers, led by squad captain Isis have their own problems - coming up with enough money to cover their travel expenses to the championships. With time running out and the pressure mounting, both captains drive their squads to the point of exhaustion: Torrance, hell bent on saving the Toros' reputation, and Isis more determined than ever to see that the Clovers finally get the recognition that they deserve. But only one team can bring home the title, so may the best moves win.
1439.	A Tale of Love and Darkness (2015)
Based on the international best-seller by Amos Oz, A TALE OF LOVE AND DARKNESS is the story of his youth, set against the backdrop of the end of the British Mandate for Palestine and the early years of the State of Israel. The film details the young man's relationship with his mother and his beginnings as a writer, while looking at what happens when the stories we tell, become the stories we live.
1440.	The Count of Monte Cristo (2002)
'The Count of Monte Cristo' is a remake of the Alexander Dumas tale by the same name. Dantes, a sailor who is falsely accused of treason by his best friend Fernand, who wants Dantes' girlfriend Mercedes for himself. Dantes is imprisoned on the island prison of Chateau d'If for 13 years, where he plots revenge against those who betrayed him. With the help of another prisoner, he escapes the island and proceeds to transform himself into the wealthy Count of Monte Cristo as part of his plan to exact revenge.
1441.	Hitch (2005)
In New York, Alex Hitchen is a kind of sentimental advisor, teaching each client how to date the woman of his dream. His present case is helping the clumsy Albert to date the wealthy and powerful Allegra Cole. Meanwhile, Hitch has a crush on the gossip columnist Sara, who was assigned to write about Allegra. When the best girlfriend of Sara has a love disillusion with a man that Sara thinks that is a client of Hitch, she plots a revenge against Hitch and the misunderstanding leads the two couples to a conflictive situation.
Alex Hitchens, better known as Hitch, is the date doctor. His latest project, Albert Brenneman, is a nerdy financial consultant who fell in love with the famous Allegra Cole. While Hitch helps Albert with his love life, he struggles with is own. He starts falling for work-a-holic, Sarah Melas. After boyfriend problems with her best friend, Sarah labels Hitch with a reputation that he didn't deserve. Hitch proves his love & goes to great lengths to win a love of his own.
1442.	The Warriors (1979)
In the night they run, in the night they hide, in the night they fight, fight for their lives. On the run and accused, alone and far from home the Warriors need the cover of night, and their wit and courage, to race against the tide of Armies that hunt for their skins. From the Bronx to Coney Island, they struggle for survival, to prove their innocence and redeem themselves once more as the Warriors, as the best.
1443.	Eureka (2006 TV Series)
With the help of Albert Einstein and other trusted advisors, President Harry S. Truman commissioned a top-secret residential development in a remote area of the Pacific Northwest, one that would serve to protect and nurture America's most valuable intellectual resources. There our nation's greatest thinkers, the uber-geniuses working on the next era of scientific achievement, would be able to live and work in a supportive environment. The best architects and planners were commissioned to design a welcoming place for these superlative geniuses to reside, an area that would offer the best education for their children, the best healthcare, the best amenities and quality of life. A community was created to rival the most idyllic of America's small towns - with one major difference: this town would never appear on any maps. At least, none that haven't been classified "eyes only" by the Pentagon.
1444.	The Brady Bunch (1969 TV Series)
Episode: You Can't Win 'Em All (1973)
Bobby and Cindy have been chosen to take the test for their respective grades to see which four students will represent Clinton Grammar School at the upcoming "Question the Kids" television quiz show. Humble Cindy asks for help studying from everyone in her family as she believes only hard work will yield positive results. Right before the exam, Cindy, despite her constant studying, states that she can only do her best and hopes that is enough to be chosen. Bobby, however, gets an extreme case of swelled head, he who believes he's a cinch to be chosen. As such he forgoes studying. Cindy's hard work pays off as she is indeed chosen, but Bobby, to use his own words, gets "wiped out" by the exam and doesn't make the final four. These results lead to the swelled head getting transferred to Cindy, who believes that she is now a celebrity. Her swelled head does affect her performance on the quiz show, but not quite in the same manner that it previously affected Bobby. Meanwhile, Mike and Carol are planning on holding a small barbecue for a few friends. That planned dinner constantly gets changed, from the ever growing invitation list, to the meal to the date.
1445.	The Brady Bunch (1969 TV Series)
Episode: Juliet Is the Sun (1971)
Although she tried out for the small part of the nurse, Marcia lands the lead role of Juliet in her school's production of "Romeo and Juliet". She isn't happy about this news as she believes her mother, who is Chair of the play committee, influenced the decision, but more importantly that she isn't beautiful and noble as Juliet should be. Once Carol convinces Marcia that she had no influence whatsoever in casting, Marcia's siblings, unknown to Marcia, go on a campaign to make Marcia feel that she is worthy of the role. Their tactic works, a little too well as Marcia not only accepts the role, but becomes a total diva in the process. Marcia's attitude includes feeling that she is queen of the Brady household, and that she knows what's best for the play to the exclusion of everyone else, even to the point of rewriting Shakespeare's words. Marcia's parents and siblings' words to her about her diva-ish attitude have no effect on her behavior, but Miss Goodwin, the play's director, may still have one last measure up her sleeve to ensure that Marcia does not overtake the play and ruin it, a measure approved by the committee Chair.
1446.	The Brady Bunch (1969 TV Series)
Episode: Kelly's Kids (1974)
Mike and Carol's friends, nightclub performer Ken Kelly and his wife Kathy Kelly, have just purchased a larger house close to the Bradys. They announce to Mike and Carol the reason for the larger house is because they have just adopted an eight-year-old boy named Matt. Although Matt loves being adopted and loves his new parents, his transition to the Kelly household is not an entirely smooth one since Matt misses all of his old friends at the adoption home, most specifically his best friends Dwayne and Steve, who referred to themselves as the Three Musketeers. Ken and Kathy decide that if they are going to have an instant family, that raising two boys would be just as easy as raising one. The question becomes which of Dwayne or Steve, if either, is the one they are going to choose. That becomes a more difficult decision than they had first imagined after they meet the two boys. Their new enlarged family may be torn apart before it even has a chance to develop due to the intolerance of their neighbor Mrs. Payne, who not only implies that she doesn't like children but that she finds certain other aspects of the children's basic characteristics offensive.
1447.	The Brady Bunch (1969 TV Series)
Episode: Confessions, Confessions (1970)
While Peter is packing for an upcoming camping trip to which he is really looking forward, his brothers convince him to toss the basketball around their room, using their wastepaper basket as a hoop. They decide to do this despite their mother telling them not to play ball in the house, as they figure she won't know since she isn't home. Peter's first shot ends up breaking Carol's favorite vase instead. Besides the boys, the girls know about the incident, all six who vow to keep quiet while the boys try to glue the vase back together. Their secret will be kept until Peter returns from his camping trip, after which he will tell the truth to their parents, as he doesn't want them to ground him from going camping, which is what he fears. Despite the boys' best efforts to glue the vase back together, Carol and Mike do notice that it is broken at the most inopportune time. Although Peter doesn't confess and the other five don't tell on him, Carol and Mike are pretty certain they know who broke the vase based on the actions of the collective six. Carol and Mike think they know a way for the culprit to confess before the camping trip, or so they hope.
1448.	The Brady Bunch (1969 TV Series)
Episode: My Fair Opponent (1972)
Marcia is upset, not for herself, but for a classmate named Molly Webber. Their classmates nominated Molly for hostess for senior banquet night, the culmination of their graduation events. The nomination was a gag since Molly is a shy, insecure, clumsy, Plain Jane of a girl who not only has no chance of winning against the most popular girl in the class, Patty Hobert, but will be humiliated through the final selection process. Mike and Carol convince Marcia that if she is so upset about it, that she should do something to help Molly. So Marcia decides to become Molly's version of Professor Henry Higgins. Marcia is able to transform Molly into a beautiful, confident and poised young woman who has a real shot of winning. Marcia even helps Molly write her speech for the selection committee. A problem arises when Patty has to drop out of the race due to a family issue, leaving Molly to run against the first alternate: Marcia. Marcia decides to drop out of the race to allow Molly to be able to bask in her new found confidence. But Marcia soon comes to the realization that she has created a monster in ungrateful Molly, who now sees herself as unbeatable. And an extra incentive to be hostess is the fact that the new guest of honor of the banquet will be alumnus Colonel Dick Whitfield, an astronaut. So it becomes a contest between Marcia and a Marcia creation, who in some respects has the best parts of her creator.
1449.	The Brady Bunch (1969 TV Series)
Episode: Law and Disorder (1973)
Bobby is losing all his friends. The reason?: in his new role as safety monitor at school, he has to snitch on his friends if they break the rules. He didn't even want the job, but since no one volunteered, the teacher chose him. As such, his parents convince him that he should be the best safety monitor that he can be. So he decides to report every single violation he sees, big or small, and even if it involves a family member. In that vein, Bobby self-appoints himself as safety monitor at home, writing a report to his parents on every rule broken around the house, even if the offender has a good reason for breaking the rule. This act extends the bad feelings toward Bobby from his siblings as well. Bobby learns the hard way that there are good reasons for the breaking the rules. Meanwhile, Mike buys a small run down sailboat that he figures just needs some tender love care to make seaworthy.
1450.	The Brady Bunch (1969 TV Series)
Episode: Everyone Can't Be George Washington (1972)
Peter is trying out for the part of George Washington, the lead, in the school's play on the American Revolution. Peter is dismayed that he instead gets the secondary but much more demanding role of the adversary, Benedict Arnold. Peter really wanted the heroic lead, and as such contemplates dropping out of the production. Carol is able to convince him that getting this role is indeed an honor, and that he has never quit anything before. But will he feel the same way when his friends start ribbing him for playing the part of a traitor? Meanwhile, Jan gets the position of set designer, as she has the best qualification of any student: her father, the architect.
1451.	The Brady Bunch (1969 TV Series)
Episode: And Now, a Word from Our Sponsor (1971)
While Carol and all six of the kids are at the supermarket, they are obviously being spied on by a strange man. He ends up being Skip Farnum, a television commercial director, who wants to use the entire family for a TV ad for Safe laundry detergent. Excited by the prospect of being famous actors, they agree to do it, that is until Mike, who learns that they don't actually use Safe. Wanting to keep their integrity, he insists that they do a wash off between their existing detergent, Best, and Safe, before ultimately agreeing. Even if Safe comes out on top and they decide to do the commercial, Mike in particular is still apprehensive if only because they're not actors, and he doesn't want to come off looking stupid in a public setting. So they ask for the advice of a friend of a friend, an actor named Myrna Carter. Will Myrna's advice change the fundamental nature of why Skip was attracted to the family in the first place?
1452.	The Borgias (2011 TV Series)
Episode: Lucrezia's Gambit (2013)
The French king is pleased to seize Milan duchy, but sends Cesare to hunt down duke Ludovico Sforza, who fled with Catherina Sforza's surviving son Benito. He offers trough Machiavelli to deliver the boy for a safe-conduct, but Cesare kills both, against papal instructions. From Milan, Michelotto takes Leonardo's lover-model to Rome as his own in secret, ignoring it's a stooge of Catherina's master spy Rufio, who has another secret. fatally pest-infected cardinal Costanzo confesses about the Sforza box and commits suicide while his infected palace is burnt down. In Naples, Lucrezia plots, unlike her unambitious husband, against best-placed throne pretender Federigo, who unlike his brother Raphael refuses to admit Paolo's son to court and clumsily employs poison, but may be controlled by papal enthronement privileges.
1453.	The Wedding Ringer (2015)
Doug Harris (Josh Gad) is a lovable but socially awkward groom-to-be with a problem: he has no best man. With less than two weeks to go until he marries the girl of his dreams (Kaley Cuoco-Sweeting), Doug is referred to Jimmy Callahan (Kevin Hart), owner and CEO of Best Man, Inc., a company that provides flattering best men for socially challenged guys in need. What ensues is a hilarious wedding charade as they try to pull off the big con, and an unexpected budding bromance between Doug and his fake best man Jimmy.
1454.	Mike & Molly (2010 TV Series)
Episode: Joyce & Vince and Peaches & Herb (2011)
When Mike decides that the couch is his new best friend, Molly goes out on the town with her sister, Victoria.
1455.	Definitely, Maybe (2008)
Romantic comedy: Will Hayes, a 30-something Manhattan dad is in the midst of a divorce when his 10 year old daughter, Maya, starts to question him about his life before marriage. Maya wants to know absolutely everything about how her parents met and fell in love. Will's story begins in 1992, as a young, starry-eyed aspiring politician who moves to New York from Wisconsin in order to work on the Clinton campaign. For Maya, Will relives his past as a idealistic young man learning the ins and outs of big city politics, and recounts the history of his romantic relationships with three very different women. On the campaign, Will's best buddy is Russell McCormack. They not only have similar political aspirations, they share the same type of girl problems, too. Will hopelessly attempts a "PG" version of his story for his daughter ad changes the names so Maya has to guess who he finally married. Is her mother Will's college sweetheart, the dependable girl next-door Emily? Is she his longtime best friend and confidante, the apolitical April? Or is she the free-spirited but ambitious journalist? As Maya puts together the pieces of her dad's romantic puzzle, she begins to understand that love is not so simple or easy. And as Will tells her his tale, Maya helps him to understand that it's definitely never too late to go back...and maybe even possible to find a happy ending.
1456.	Bewitched (1964 TV Series)
Episode: The Trial and Error of Aunt Clara (1967)
After Aunt Clara displays another series of witchcraft gaffes, Endora believes there is no other option but to put her on witchcraft trial, a guilty verdict meaning that Clara is to be banished to earthbound mortality, unless she voluntarily chooses the alternative, which is to turn herself into an inanimate object forever. Samantha has mixed feelings about not wanting Aunt Clara to choose the latter option as Samantha learns that Aunt Clara has chosen her to be her defense attorney at the imminent trial. Samantha has to come up with a credible defense and helps Aunt Clara practice her witchcraft at the house, where the trial will be held. During all these proceedings, Samantha has to hide what is going on from any suspecting or unsuspecting mortals who may be or drop by unexpectedly at the house, including who would be a very disapproving Darrin. Darrin however may unwittingly come up with the best defense.
1457.	Bewitched (1964 TV Series)
Episode: It's Magic (1965)
Not realizing that it is a thankless job until she accepts, Samantha is given the task of finding the entertainer for the hospital's fund-raising benefit show. Based on unsolicited advice from a stranger (a waiter who overhears her dilemma), Samantha hires The Great Zeno, a magician who has seen better days. He admits that he is no longer a good magician, and has relied on his beautiful assistant, Roxie Ames, to distract the audience with her on-stage charm to carry the show. Samantha realizes that he is no longer a good magician who has hit the bottle to drown his sorrows, and thus she feels sorry for him. But as Roxie has walked out on him and the act, Zeno can only do the show if Samantha acts as his assistant. Feeling more sorry for him during the act which initially goes poorly, Samantha can't help but use a little witchcraft to perform many of his tricks. As such, the show ends up being a hit and Zeno is given a spot on a television variety show. Darrin, knowing that Samantha used witchcraft, wants her to let Zeno sink or swim on his own on the show, which may be difficult for her to do with the return of Roxie, who only has her own best interest in mind at the expense of Zeno's.
1458.	Bewitched (1964 TV Series)
Episode: Aunt Clara's Old Flame (1965)
Aunt Clara is hiding out at Samantha and Darrin's from Hedley Partridge, her best beau from her younger days. Realizing that her witchcraft isn't what it used to be, Aunt Clara doesn't want to face Hedley fearing she'll come across as being old. She would rather he remember her as the adept witch she once was. But Endora decides to play matchmaker by inviting Hedley over for dinner. Upon his arrival, Hedley seems as virile and adept in his powers as he was when he was younger. To help Aunt Clara out, Samantha decides the only way Aunt Clara can come across as Hedley remembered her is to perform whatever witchcraft Hedley asks of Aunt Clara for her. But if Samantha is able to provide a fa\87ade for Aunt Clara, perhaps two are playing at the same game.
1459.	Bewitched (1964 TV Series)
Episode: Samantha the Dressmaker (1966)
Samantha is trying to design and sew an evening gown for a business dinner she and Darrin are going to with an important client, the Glendons. Samantha's dressmaking the mortal way isn't going very well, so Endora convinces Samantha to get some inspiration from French couturier, Aubert, which she does so clandestinely. When Darrin unwittingly criticizes Samantha's mortal creation, Samantha feels what is best for all concerned is to create a gown through witchcraft, using one of Aubert's new designs. The gown is a hit at the dinner, so much so that Darrin, wanting to please the client, offers Samantha's services as gown designer and seamstress to Mrs. Glendon, Mrs. Glendon's sister-in-law and Mrs. Kravitz. Having no aptitude as a designer or seamstress the mortal way, Samantha feels she has no other choice but to create those three gowns also using witchcraft, and also using three of Aubert's not yet released designs. These three gowns will be debuted at a business cocktail party Darrin is hosting for a new client, while Samantha will wear the same gown she wore to the dinner to the cocktail party. What Samantha is unaware of until the new client is introduced at the cocktail party is that the client is Aubert, who is trying to introduce his creations for the mass American market, something he tried before but failed. Samantha has to figure out a way to get Aubert not to sue the agency for what he believes is theft of his designs, but also to help Aubert get over a much larger cultural gap issue for American business success.
1460.	Bewitched (1964 TV Series)
Episode: Samantha for the Defense (1966)
In the conclusion of a two part episode, Aunt Clara is able to conjure up Benjamin Franklin, so that he can stand trial for grand theft for allegedly trying to steal an antique fire engine, and so that Darrin will not forgo the $1,000 he put up for bail. The district attorney is determined to prosecute to the fullest extent of the law as he believes that "Benjamin Franklin" - or whoever he is in real life - is purely a publicity stunt developed by Darrin. Believing that hiring a lawyer is not in their best interest, Samantha, Darrin and Franklin have to figure out the appropriate defense strategy, one that doesn't make them and him sound crazy in the assertion that he really is Benjamin Franklin. But known for his eloquence in speech, Franklin talking in his own words may go a long way in helping his cause. A little Samantha witchcraft wouldn't hurt matters either.
1461.	Bewitched (1964 TV Series)
Episode: Paris, Witches Style (1971)
Darrin and Samantha are in Paris on a joint business trip/vacation. Samantha knows that if her father finds out they were in Europe without expressly coming to visit him in London, he would have a fit. As such, Samantha tries to convince Darrin to make a stop in London for such a purpose. Darrin's response is that they will do so only if they have the time on their way back to the US. However, Maurice does find out they are in Paris, and comes to express his displeasure in an especially harmful way to Darrin. Endora, knowing that Maurice is on his way to Paris, tries to beat him to Samantha and Darrin to neutralize the situation. What Endora decides to do to while Darrin is at a business meeting is to conjure a second Darrin, one that is kinder and more accommodating to whatever Maurice wants. A problem ensues when the real Darrin arrives back early from his business meeting. Endora and Samantha have to figure out best to handle the situation with the extra Darrin. Endora may have to pull out her strongest weapon against Maurice.
1462.	Bewitched (1964 TV Series)
Episode: It's So Nice to Have a Spouse Around the House (1968)
Samantha has been summoned to appear before the Witch's Council. Darrin forbids her to go. Since it's a matter of utmost importance that Samantha appears, Endora convinces Samantha that Serena could masquerade as her in front of Darrin while she goes to appear in front of the Council. Samantha is able to convince Serena to do so. Later, Darrin, feeling guilty over his hard nosed stance, decides to take Larry's advice to make it up to Samantha by taking her on a second honeymoon, back to the romantic spot they had their original honeymoon. Serena tries her best to "be Samantha" in this situation, but she still tries to curb what is Darrin's honeymoon amorous mood until Samantha returns.
1463.	Bewitched (1964 TV Series)
Episode: And Then There Were Three (1966)
Samantha gives birth to a healthy baby girl, about which mother, father and maternal grandmother are all happy, and over which Darrin and Endora bond. Darrin is still wondering if their new daughter will grow up to be a witch like her mother, or a mortal like her father. One thing that Darrin does not appreciate is Endora's insistence that they name the baby Tabatha - not that Darrin dislikes the name, just that he doesn't like Endora's interference in what should be his and Samantha's decision. One other person who comes by to wish Samantha all the best is her cousin Serena, who Samantha hasn't seen since they were children and who has grown up to look like a more flamboyant brunette version of Samantha herself. Endora and Serena's presence in the hospital provides some grief for the maternity ward's strict head nurse, Nurse Kelton, who, in turn, may be the one mortal who can stand up to the witchcraft happening in front of her. But some of that witchcraft and the presence of Serena, who Darrin has never met, makes Darrin come to a wrong conclusion about his new daughter.
1464.	Bewitched (1964 TV Series)
Episode: It Shouldn't Happen to a Dog (1964)
Rex Barker, a maker of baby food, is a potential client for the ad agency. Larry Tate and Darrin Stephens hope to win him over at the Stephens' dinner party, but Mr. Barker is interested only in Darrin's wife, Samantha, who does her best to resist his advances. Unfortunately, Barker manages to get her alone out in the gazebo and corners her. Sam is forced to take drastic action: she turns Mr. Barker into a small dog. When the dinner party is over, Darrin is furious to learn that the pesky pooch that has suddenly shown up out of nowhere is the baby food man with the half-million dollar account. He refuses to believe Sam's explanation about what happened and demands that she change him back. Sam angrily refuses and throws Darrin out of the bedroom. Samantha's mother, Endora, could not be more pleased and hopes this marital spat spells doom for her daughter's marriage with a mortal.
1465.	Bewitched (1964 TV Series)
Episode: Hippie, Hippie, Hooray (1968)
Samantha sees a photograph of herself on the front page of the newspaper, the photograph associated with a hippie love-in where a riot occurred. Apparently, she was arrested. As Samantha knows it wasn't her, it could only be one other person: Serena. Samantha can hide the photograph from Darrin, but she can't hide it from the rest of the world, including Larry and Louise, who do see the photograph and naturally assume it's Samantha, despite she being the furthest thing from a hippie. When Darrin finally learns about the photograph, he is livid and banishes Serena from ever entering their house again. Angry in return, Serena decides the best way to get back at Darrin is to create havoc in his life by pretending to be "hippie" Samantha in front of Darrin and Darrin's colleagues. Serena's action results in McMann & Tate losing a conservative client, but Larry is more concerned about Darrin and what's happened to Samantha. The only way that Darrin can prove to Larry that the woman he saw was Serena is to provide both Samantha and Serena together. But with Serena still mad at Darrin, it's not like she will willingly do him a favor.
1466.	Bewitched (1964 TV Series)
Episode: Birdies, Bogies and Baxter (1967)
Darrin, who used to be a good golfer in college, is willing to wake up in the wee hours of the morning to go to the links to get his game up to where it was in college if only to impress a potential new client, Joe Baxter, a sportsman who judges people on their athletic prowess, especially in golf. As Baxter himself states, he sees sport, any sport, as a "dramatization of life". However, as an ultra competitive man, Baxter will judge a person favorably if he or she is good but not better than him. The latter part of that statement is difficult to achieve anyway since Baxter does live up to his bragging. Endora believes that Darrin will not be satisfied with being as good as he was in college, and will go overboard once he gets a taste of success. As such, Endora, without telling either Samantha or Darrin, places a spell to bring his game up to where it was in college. She seems to be correct as he can't stop gushing about his game after his successful early morning practice round. Things get a little tense when Darrin is competitive in his and Larry's golf match with Baxter. Baxter, flustered by Darrin's success, just wants to win. Larry, who wants Baxter's account, does anything to make Darrin lose. Darrin seemingly just wants to play his best golf ever and beat Baxter. And Baxter's wife, Margaret Baxter, who has heard her husband's sports success stories over and over and over, just wants him to stop bragging. Samantha has the choice to do nothing, help Baxter and Larry by making Darrin lose and in turn gain the account for McMann & Tate, or help Darrin and Margaret by improving Darrin's game that much more in beating Baxter, which in turn would probably mean losing the account and perhaps proving Endora correct. Samantha decides to...
1467.	Bewitched (1964 TV Series)
Episode: Man's Best Friend (1966)
Samantha receives a visit from a young man she doesn't know. He turns out to be Rodney, an obnoxious boy warlock she used to babysit. Although he is now grown, the obnoxious part of his personality remained. Rodney has come to profess his love. After Samantha tells him to leave since she is happily married, Rodney decides to leave only if he feels Darrin worthy. Rodney's vantage point to do his review?: act as a stray dog. After Darrin falls in love with the dog, he who wants to keep it if they can't find its owner, Samantha discovers that the dog is Rodney. Samantha threatens physical violence against Rodney unless he gives up his campaign. This time, Rodney vows to leave for good if she and Darrin are still together by the end of the day. Rodney goes on a systematic campaign to break up Samantha and Darrin, while Samantha does her best to get rid of Darrin's beloved dog using anything but witchcraft since she is one day shy of making it through the month without, that milestone which Darrin wants to celebrate.
1468.	Bewitched (1964 TV Series)
Episode: Eat at Mario's (1965)
Samantha and Endora believe the food they eat at Mario's, a small, independent Italian restaurant, is the best Italian food they've ever eaten... at least in this century. But Mario's, which is a one man operation, risks folding due to lack of business since most people now equate Italian food with pizza and pizza joints. Samantha believes all Mario needs is a little advertising. So Samantha, using witchcraft, decides to provide some advertising for Mario's in the form of a full page newspaper ad. The problem is is that Darrin's new client, Linton H. Baldwin, is the owner and chair of Perfect Pizza, a pizza chain looking to expand its market. When Darrin finds out what Samantha did, he can forgive her this one indiscretion. However, Baldwin may not be able to overlook the much better advertising campaign being conducted for Mario's than Darrin is doing for him. Samantha has to figure out a way to help Mario yet save Darrin's career by Baldwin keeping his account at McMann & Tate.
1469.	Bewitched (1964 TV Series)
Episode: Cousin Edgar (1965)
Samantha receives a visit from her Cousin Edgar, a shy elf who doesn't speak and only appears in body once he feels comfortable with the situation. Samantha is happy to see Cousin Edgar as he has always been her protector, he who only shows up when she needs that protection. Samantha is excited for Cousin Edgar to meet Darrin. What Samantha is initially unaware of is that Cousin Edgar has come this time to protect Samantha against Darrin, as Cousin Edgar feels their marriage isn't the right thing for Samantha. So Cousin Edgar goes on a campaign to make Darrin's life a living hell. It's not good timing for Darrin as he is already frustrated in not being able to come up with a good idea to nab the lucrative Shelley Shoes account, McMann & Tate being up against a confident competitor. So if Cousin Edgar makes Darrin look foolish in front of Shelley, they are certain to lose the account. Samantha either has to neutralize Cousin Edgar's campaign against Darrin, or convince Cousin Edgar that Darrin is the best thing that has ever happened to her.
1470.	Bewitched (1964 TV Series)
Episode: Samantha's Super Maid (1969)
Before she knows it, Samantha is in the process of interviewing for live-in maids on the initiative of her mother-in-law, who feels that the extra time Samantha will have by not having to do housework will allow her to make social connections which will boost Darrin's career. Beyond Endora's disgust about the idea of a maid - namely paying someone to do something Samantha could do with a snap of her fingers - Samantha and Darrin don't want a maid for the obvious problem of extraneous witchcraft possibly being performed in front of who they hire. Samantha does her best to dissuade potential candidates, but she can't dissuade one applicant named Amelia, a sweet, hard working woman who she has no choice but to hire. Samantha and Darrin decide they have to fire her - but give her a good reference and a hefty severance - but neither has the heart to do the firing. So they have to figure out a way for Amelia to want to leave on her own, which may be a difficult challenge.
1471.	Bewitched (1964 TV Series)
Episode: Maid to Order (1966)
Because he doesn't want Samantha to do any heavy work or do that work using witchcraft, Darrin wants Samantha to hire a maid. She reluctantly agrees, her reluctance due to the fact that she doesn't want a stranger invading her house and their lives. After a few less than satisfactory interviews, Samantha finally decides to hire Naomi Hogan. Naomi admits that she is not the best housekeeper in the world - in fact, she admits that she is quite inept at it - but she's nice, honest, and she needs the money to put her son through medical school. Naomi ends up being a great housekeeper, but it's all with Samantha being her secret shadow, she who uses her witchcraft to right all Naomi's many wrongs. Not knowing what's going on, Darrin agrees to Louise's request to lend Naomi out for an evening to prepare a fancy meal for a business dinner party which will not include Darrin and Samantha. Samantha then has no option but to tell Darrin the truth. They have to figure out a way to get invited to the party so that Samantha can still act as Naomi's shadow, or risk the party and the resulting business going down the drain. They also have to deal with the longer term aspect of Naomi as their housekeeper.
1472.	Bewitched (1964 TV Series)
Episode: Alias Darrin Stephens (1965)
It's Samantha and Darrin's first wedding anniversary, and Aunt Clara stops by unexpectedly to provide her best wishes and a gift for each. Darrin's gift, a golf cap, is too small, so Aunt Clara recites an incantation to resize it to fit his head. The incantation does match the cap size to the head, but instead of making the cap larger, it makes Darrin's head smaller by turning him into a small chimpanzee. Aunt Clara has no idea what she did wrong, and can't remember the incantation to undo the spell. As Aunt Clara tries to break the spell, Darrin has to avoid Larry Tate and work, and a nosy Gladys Kravitz. In trying to achieve both, Darrin gets into a bit of trouble, and in the process goes missing, Samantha, Endora and Aunt Clara not knowing that he has been captured by the local zoo-keeper. Samantha hopes they can find him and that Aunt Clara can break the spell, since Samantha has some important news for him.
1473.	Bewitched (1964 TV Series)
Episode: A Change of Face (1965)
Endora stops by for a visit while Darrin is taking a nap. As Samantha and Endora's discussion veers toward the way that Darrin looks, Samantha and Endora decide to experiment with different looks to Darrin's face. As Samantha forgets to change him back, a horrified Darrin sees the transformation they did to his face after he awakens. While Darrin is upset with Samantha for this experimentation, he becomes more self-conscious about the way he looks and if Samantha really does believe that he has an unattractive face. To provide Darrin with some much needed self-confidence, Samantha feels he needs some compliments from a sexy stranger, and who best to provide those words than a witchcraft-transformed Samantha. Endora in turn feels that Samantha is playing a dangerous game, as a less than confident Darrin may act upon those compliments toward that stranger if only to make himself feel better.
1474.	Boyz N the Hood (1991)
In South Central Los Angeles, the boy Tre Styles lives with his divorced mother Reva Styles. When Tre is suspended for three days at school, Reva decides to send him to live in Crenshaw with his father, the businessman Furious Styles, "to become a man". Tre befriends his neighbors, the half-brothers Doughboy and Ricky Baker, and soon they become best friends. Seven years later, Tre is an educated teenager preparing to join the university; Ricky is an athlete, expecting to join the university with scholarship since he is a great football player; and Doughboy is a small time criminal that has been arrested several times. But they live in a dangerous neighborhood where dreams are shattered by bullets.
1475.	Three's Company (1976 TV Series)
Janet Wood and Chrissy Snow are a pair of career girls living in Santa Monica. When their other roommate Eleanor moves out after getting married and having a baby they begin the process of looking for a replacement when they find party crasher and aspiring chef Jack Tripper sleeping in their bathtub. When the girls taste his cooking they decide to ask him to be their roommate in a very platonic arrangement. Unfortunately, this doesn't go over well with their prudish landlord Stanley Roper, who thinks that there will be nothing but hanky panky going on after he moves in. However, the girls tell Roper that the very heterosexual Jack is gay in order for him to move in. The only person who know's about the ruse is Roper's seemingly oversexed wife Helen. The Ropers later sell the building to real estate magnate Bart Furley who hires his self-described ladies man (in his own mind) brother Ralph to be the building's manager. A few years into the arrangement, Chrissy moves back to Fresno to be with her ailing mother and is at first replaced by her cousin Cindy, who later is replaced by pretty young nurse Terri Alden. All the while Jack, who despite his best efforts, tries to make it with his roommates.
1476.	Three's Company (1976 TV Series)
Episode: Extra, Extra (1982)
When Janet's date, a reporter upon learning that she and Jack are living together wants to do an article about them. Only problem is that when it comes out, it hints that something is going on between them. Jack tells them to ignore it until the girls are being treated lewdly by men who read the article. And when guys think Jack is "the man", he doesn't deny it. That is until his girlfriend dumps him. And things get worse when Jack and Terri's mothers upon reading the article thinks that it's best that they leave the apartment.
1477.	Three's Company (1976 TV Series)
Episode: Helen's Rendezvous (1978)
Stanley got into an argument with his best friend, Jerry, because he wouldn't buy him a drink as promised when Mr. Roper won a bowling contest. Upset on seeing his changed behavior, Helen plans to discuss the situation with Jerry without Stanley knowing. Helen asks the kids to lent her and Jerry their apartment so they could meet privately. However, Jack, Janet, Chrissy, and Jerry all get the wrong idea of Mrs. Roper's meeting request.
1478.	Three's Company (1976 TV Series)
Episode: Jack's Graduation (1980)
Jack is one test away from graduating cooking school. The test consist of preparing a salmon dish, and Jack does his best to prepare the meal. However, when Jack wasn't looking, one of his classmates switches his unprepared dish with Jack's, giving Jack a failing grade on his exam. When he might not graduate from cooking school, Jack tells Janet and Chrissy that he is leaving town.
1479.	Dragon Ball Super (2015 TV Series)
Episode: Heiwa no hesh0 1 oki zena wa dare no te ni!? (2015)
It's been 6 months since the defeat of Majin B0 with Son Gok0's Super Genki Dama, with the help of all the inhabitants of Earth. Mr. Satan played an important role there. Now, Son Gok0 is working, as he promised to his wife Chichi, for at least 6 months, before he could go train with North Kaie-Sama. Son Goten is spending time with his father. Son Gohan and Videl are recently married. Gohan is still studying in the University, but Videl is supporting him to become a professional. Her father, Mr. Satan, gave them a new house as wedding present. Son Goten looks for his best friend's help, Trunks, to get a wedding present for Videl. Together, they go on a journey to find the perfect gift for her.
1480.	A Cinderella Story (2004)
Samantha or "Sam", has a rough childhood with her father dying in an earthquake and a new stepmother with two awful stepdaughters. But on the bright side, Sam has an awesome best friend named Carter and an email relationship with a guy named Nomad. One day, Sam gets an email from her Nomad saying that he wants to meet her in the middle of the dance floor at their high school Halloween dance. She accepts the invitation and glides into the room wearing the best outfit ever! Her Nomad takes her outside where they share a romantic dance together and Sam realizes that her email friend is the most popular guy in school, Austin Ames. She runs back to her stepmother's diner before she knows she went to the dance and drops her phone on the way. Austin finds it and starts a search for his Cinderella.
At 8 years old, the blonde Samantha Montgomery lost her father to an earthquake, leaving her to live in an attic, while her stepmother Fiona, and stepsisters, Gabriella and Brianna take over her life. With popular kids Austin Ames, Shleby Cummings, and their crew, then her house family, the only escapes she has are the Diner Staff, her best friend Carter, and an online buddy-Nomad. They both go to North Valley High and dream of going to Princeton. They have a relationship that goes on through text messages and emails. He finally asks her to the Halloween dance, where they meet, and she finds out Austin is Nomad. Not knowing who his 'Cinderella' is, he goes on one of the toughest quests ever, as Sam's friends convince her to tell him. He finds out at a more than humiliating pep rally that Cincerella is 'Diner Girl'. She finally tells off her steps, and she manages to tell off Austin. At the end, they supposedly end up dating, going to Princeton, and she finds her dad's will, stating it leaves EVERYTHING to Sam. Happy Ever After? Who knows.
Sam Montgomery is a tomboyish, unpopular girl at school. She has been text messaging a somebody named Nomad for a few months and he asks her to meet him at the Halloween dance at 11:00 in the middle of the dance floor. The only problem is, she must get back to the diner, ran by her wicked Stepmom Fiona by 12 sharp because she is not supposed to be there. Before Nomad can found out who she is, she must leave with her best friend, Carter driving her back to the diner. After that night, everything in Sam's life goes wacko!
1481.	Impractical Jokers (2011 TV Series)
Episode: Joker's Choice (2012)
In this special episode, Joe, Murr, Q, and Sal bring you their favorite moments from the first season. The guys relive their best hidden camera hijinks, offer behind the scenes insight, and reveal the hidden cameras to one unsuspecting victim.
1482.	Dawn of the Dead (2004)
Ana goes home to her peaceful suburban residence, but she is unpleasantly surprised the morning that follows when her husband is brutally attacked by her zombified neighbor. In the chaos of her once picturesque neighborhood, Ana flees and stumbles upon a police officer named Kenneth, along with more survivors who decide that their best chances of survival would be found in the deserted Crossroads Shopping Mall. When supplies begin running low and other trapped survivors need help, the group comes to the realization that they cannot stay put forever at the Shopping Mall, and devise a plan to escape.
1483.	The Day After Tomorrow (2004)
Jack Hall, a scientist who studies the planet's weather patterns, thinks that because of global warming, a new Ice Age is imminent. He tries to air his suspicions at a conference which the Vice President also attends. Since Hall's rants means that certain industries, who are supporters of the administration, could be in trouble, he shoots Hall down, But another scientist thinks Hall might have something so they talk. The man who works at weather monitoring station sees that the planet's climate is rising calls Hall who is surprised and tries to inform the government but the Vice President again doesn't believe him. But when things get worse, Hall advises the President to move everyone from the Southern part of the continent further South till the weather improves. While everyone in the North should do their best to survive the cold. Hall then learns that his son is in New York so he tells his son to stay inside till Hall can get to him but the weather gets worse can Hall make it.
1484.	The Pacific (2010 Mini-Series)
Episode: Guadalcanal/Leckie (2010)
In the immediate aftermath of the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor, Marine Sgt. John Basilone prepares to ship out and confront the enemy somewhere in the Pacific, while budding journalist Robert Leckie enlists in the Marine Corps. Eugene Sledge, unable to enlist because of a heart murmur, says farewell to his best friend, Sidney Phillips, who is about to leave for boot camp. Exactly eight months after Pearl Harbor, the 1st Marine Division, including Leckie and Phillips, lands on Guadalcanal in order to secure its strategically vital airfield and prepare for the inevitable counterattack.
1485.	Episodes (2011 TV Series)
Episode: Episode Six (2012)
Matt has to throw out a half-naked Labia who has climbed into his kitchen. Whilst make-up men do their best to salvage Morning's botched plastic surgery Beverly meets her attractive brother,whom Carol thinks she should date. Merc feels that Matt should get a former 'Friends' co-star to appear on the show to boost ratings but they all refuse except the man who played Gunther the waiter and Matt is shocked that he is still in touch with all the cast members who have shunned him.Beverly and Sean get drunk whilst writing speech for Matt at a presentation for Merc. They start to have sex but Sean claims he is unable to and walks out.
1486.	My Name Is Earl (2005 TV Series)
Earl Hickey is a ne'er do well without a job or a direction in life. Instead, he spends his days drinking beer, stealing whatever isn't bolted down and being a leech on society. But when he wins the lottery of a lifetime, Earl thinks his luck may have just changed...until he's hit by a car. As he recovers in a hospital bed, Earl realizes that maybe the reason why he's there is because of a simple five letter word: karma. For every rotten thing he's done, a rotten thing comes right back to him; and the only way he can stop that is to make good for every bad deed. Having compiled a lengthy list of things he's done to people, Earl sets out to right all the wrongs from his past. All of this on the promise that maybe, he can enjoy his fortune once and for all, but only if he can finish the list first. Aiding him is his lifelong best friend and brother, Randy and an ensemble of characters to assist, observe, amuse, berate, or are just there for Earl Hickey.
1487.	My Name Is Earl (2005 TV Series)
Episode: Dad's Car (2006)
Earl wants to make up for ruining Mother's Day so many times. Unfortunately, he and his dad don't get along. At all. Earl decides to ignore this and, with Randy, give his mother the best Mother's Day ever. However, his mother asks him to do something for his father, and because he wants to please his mother, Earl feels he has to do this. Together with Randy, he decides to get back his dad's Mustang he once lost in a race. When Earl tells his dad (whom he'd always told he'd driven the car in a lake) about his plan, his dad tells him the car was meant for him. This places Earl in an awkward predicament: He himself is now a person that needs to be crossed off his list!
1488.	My Name Is Earl (2005 TV Series)
Episode: White Lie Christmas (2005)
Earl, Randy and Catalina enter a contest to win a brand new car. Earl ruined several Christmases for Joy and now he wants to make up for them all at once by giving her this car. Earl is out of the contest very quickly but Randy and Catalina can still win. While Randy and Cataline are doing their best to win the car, Earl goes to Joy to ask her what color the new bikes he'll get her two kids should be (he once ruined their brand new Christmas bikes the evening before Christmas). Unbeknown to Earl, Joy's parents are over for a Christmas visit and, even more unbeknown to Earl, Joy never told them she and Earl have divorced and that she's now married to a black guy. She therefore pretends Earl is still her husband and, because he doesn't want to ruin yet another Christmas for Joy, Earl plays along. It turns out Joy isn't the only one who keeps a secret: Her mother has one as well and Earl finds out about it.
1489.	My Name Is Earl (2005 TV Series)
Episode: My Name Is Inmate #28301-016: Part 1 (2007)
Earl begins his jail sentence and discovers that life is not easy behind bars. He persistently tries to find out the best approach to surviving in his new environment. Meanwhile, Joy finds out, after a few failed attempts, the perfect gift to pay Earl back for taking her spot in jail comes in the form of taking care of Randy, who is also having a hard time adjusting to his new life without Earl. In prison, Earl is sought out by a bully, who has lived most of his life in jail as a result of Young Earl's mischief. This new life for Earl behind bars must mean years of bad karma or does it?
1490.	Step Up (2006)
In Baltimore, the troublemaker and street dancer Tyler Gage lives with his foster parents in a lower class neighborhood. His best friends are Mac Carter and his little brother Skinny Carter and they used to hang around together, going to parties and stealing cars. After being expelled from a party, the trio breaks in the Maryland School of Arts and commits vandalism, destroying the stage. Tyler is arrested and sentenced to 200 hours of community service in the school and Director Gordon assigns him to help the janitor cleaning the place. One afternoon, the ballet dancer Nora Clark sees Tyler dancing in the parking area and when her partner Andrew has a strain and Tyler offers to help her in the choreography, she accepts the offer; they rehearsal and become close to each other while Tyler becomes friend of the students Miles Darby and Lucy Avila. When Andrew returns, Tyler that is known for quitting everything he starts gives up dancing and leaves Nora alone. After an incident, Tyler has to decide to follow his dream or return to his life of rebel loser.
Late teen Tyler Gage is a directionless young man, despite the care provided by his loving foster family. With his best friend Marcus "Mac" Carter and Mac's younger brother "Skinny" Carter, Tyler spends his time stealing cars, playing pick-up games of basketball, and attending house parties where hip-hop is king. After he is caught and convicted of vandalism, Tyler is sentenced to community service at the scene of the crime: the Maryland School of the Arts. Tyler feels out of his element among most of the students at the school. But after her dance partner Andrew suffers an injury, classically trained dance student Nora Clark, who is preparing for her potentially career starting senior showcase, asks Tyler, who she spied doing an impromptu hip-hop dance out on the street, to replace Andrew in her showcase for rehearsal purposes only until Andrew recovers, despite Tyler not being a trained dancer. Getting the reluctant OK from the school's director, Miss Gordon, Tyler agrees. This partnership begins Tyler's association with the artistic side of the school and the students. Although their partnership has its many bumps, Nora helps Tyler see his life in a different way, while Tyler makes Nora examine how she sees her craft. Their professional partnership and burgeoning personal relationship is threatened by Nora's self-centered boyfriend, Brett Dolan, and Nora's commitment to Andrew as a dance partner. Tyler also feels like he's being pulled in two directions, especially as Mac sees him leaving his old friends behind him. An incident concerning Skinny makes both Tyler and Mac examine in which direction their lives should lead.
1491.	Cougar Town (2009 TV Series)
Episode: Fooled Again: I Don't Like It (2010)
Jules's birthday allows her to be even more bossy, e.g. decree Grayson is 43 just for a fitting age difference. Travis worries as reckless Bobby is determined to play his frat's 'neti-pot' game. Everyone rivals to find the best birthday gift. Ellie's confidence to win again is craftily challenged. She meanly and jealously 'reveals' Andy's 'diabolic' passive manipulation.
1492.	Cougar Town (2009 TV Series)
Episode: Rhino Skin (2010)
Despite fearing the meanest and most unrelenting dermatologist in town, Dr. Amy Evans, Jules and Ellie are willing to endure the harsh ridicule and wrath for an appointment with the best in the business. But when Jules learns Dr. Evans is seeing Bobby, she's determined to stand up to her and protect him. Meanwhile, Travis gets a job working for Barb that turns out to be more than he bargained for.
1493.	Cougar Town (2009 TV Series)
Episode: Two Gunslingers (2009)
Upset that her two best friends don't get along but determined to have a fun birthday nonetheless, Jules convinces Ellie and Laurie to go on a wild birthday weekend away, which they do, begrudgingly. But Jules has a chance encounter with her nemesis and her rather flirtatious husband.
1494.	Cougar Town (2009 TV Series)
Episode: Pilot (2009)
Jules is a woman in her forties who's five months out of her marriage and being pressured by her best friends into getting "back out there" although finding the dating scene not her style. With a teenage son, who would be happier if she were to hide out in the house, she gets the business from him when she feels like she's allowed to have a life.
1495.	Cougar Town (2009 TV Series)
Episode: Something Big (2012)
Just when Grayson convinces the gang his 'slutty' days are over, an ex turns up with a baby girl, claiming it's his, as a test ultimately confirms. Jules drags him to pre-marital counseling, manipulating even the therapist, but a ends up agreeing it's best to accepts this as a way to honor his child-wish and her refusal to go trough pregnancy again. Travis's helmet-misery continues as Laurie drags him into a routine for the colored fraternity Asian dorm buddy Sig decides to pledge. Surfer Bobby handles Ellie's latest nonsense, recreative 'wave-sitting'.
1496.	Last Vegas (2013)
Billy (Michael Douglas), Paddy (Robert De Niro), Archie (Morgan Freeman) and Sam (Kevin Kline) have been best friends since childhood. So when Billy, the group's sworn bachelor, finally proposes to his thirty-something (of course) girlfriend, the four head to Las Vegas with a plan to stop acting their age and relive their glory days. However, upon arriving, the four quickly realize that the decades have transformed Sin City and tested their friendship in ways they never imagined. The Rat Pack may have once played the Sands and Cirque du Soleil may now rule the Strip, but it's these four who are taking over Vegas.
1497.	High School Musical (2006 TV Movie)
Troy Bolton and Gabriella Montez are two totally different teenagers who meet at a party while singing karaoke on New Year's Eve. One week later Troy goes back to his high school, East High, in New Mexico to find that Gabriella is a new student there. They quickly become close friends and accidentally audition for the school musical. After getting a callback, drama queen Sharpay Evans and her sidekick brother Ryan are furious. Then Chad, Troy's best friend and basketball teammate, and Taylor, Gabriella's new friend on the decathlon team, must find out a way to make Gabriella hate Troy.
1498.	Home and Away (1988 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.4368 (2007)
Tony is far from amused to discover ex-in-law idiot lush Marty not only failed to clean up at all but couldn't even be rusted to lock up or bring the cash in safety, actually running off with new best mate Cam Reynolds, who turns out to own a bar: robbers took some $2,000, and still she takes no responsibility at all but tops that again be quiting Alf's family business the Surfclub just like that and become his better-paid bar-maid in Yabbee Creek. Brad insists it's time Sally tells the kids how serious they are getting; Rick can't wait to have them outdoors to get 'adult-serious' with Mathilda, condoms stocked handy by the bed.
1499.	Home and Away (1988 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.4355 (2007)
Alf tries to reassure Rick jail-time is doable, but a jury would be crazy to convict an innocent kid. At the kid's trial, Jonathan 'Johnny' Cooper's lies manage to provoke Rick's side to 'misbehavior in court'. Kit has the good sense to ask Kim to make up with Rachel, starting with a dinner date. Mathilda is dumb enough to sniffle when forced to quote Rick's 'I'll kill him'. As a last resort, defense counsel Morag makes Rick take the stand, but the prosecutor gets the better of him, albeit 'stricken from the record', at best grounds for an appeal. The jury needs little time to convict the innocent hot-head teenager.
1500.	Home and Away (1988 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.6174 (2015)
Andy is still regarded as the best choice for gym manager, so Hannah does a strip tease to encourage him to get proper qualifications. Spencer is understandably reluctant to see the father who abused him and Maddy last time he was in town, but a chat with surrogate family Alf and Roo and with Maddy convinces him to accompany Chris to the hospital. The conversation causes Maddy to decide she needs to contact her own estranged family about her cancer. Evelyn convinces to be a brat about the Anzac Day trip but does at least realise how offensive she was towards Alf. She and Matt oddly choose to discuss their kiss while Josh is in earshot, leaving Josh snarling at Matt. At the last minute, Alf decides to accompany the excursion after all.
1501.	Home and Away (1988 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.5451 (2012)
Romeo's nightmare comes true: Alf finds a corpse, wrapped in a blanket by his boss Dennis Harling, who claims just to have cleared the project's site, which he tells the police many hours later. It's identified as Stu, making Sid, who has no alibi, the other prime suspect. Dex is as puzzled as his visiting best mate Xavier about Sash's flippant attitude to him. Liam and Bianca decided to go ahead with the wedding, but a slanderous newspaper interview with his ex makes him do furious that he publicly thrashes a paparazzo's camera.
1502.	Home and Away (1988 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.5178 (2010)
After worried beach-walks and pep-talks from Nicole viz. dad Sid, Romeo and Indy finally stop avoid each other and discuss how their kissing session turned into a near-breakup, then agree to take it slow again. Bianca can't stop erotic dreams of Liam, and soon gives up denying even to April that she isn't sure Vittorio is the love of her life. Yet, she refuses to call off the wedding, but won't even be photographed when the prince proudly presents his fiancee to the press. After Marilyn questions her about fake predictions 'for the best', Mitzy has a fit in front of Sid, who orders her hospitalized.
1503.	Home and Away (1988 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.5215 (2010)
All Summer Bay gathers in church for Vittorio's princely wedding with Bianca. Liam's belated, silent arrival works trough slowly to the bride, who just after pronouncing a yes revokes it and sort of elopes with Liam. When Vittorio tries to reason with her, otherwise gentle Romeo's fist knocks him down. A second coup the theatre follows when John is coached by Gina to first calm down the public, then announce there will a wedding: theirs, with Xavier as best man. Thirdly, Roberston snaps from the wedding party Alf, arrested as suspect in Penn's murder. Will feels guilty.
1504.	Home and Away (1988 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.4905 (2009)
After the bachelor party, groom Aden has a killer headache, but nobody makes a fuss. Tony arrives timely in hospital to morally Rachel. She feels guilty for neglecting bed-rest while pregnant, but ultimately gives him a healthy boy, Harry. Belle convinces Aden to take an extremely unorthodox 'best man' because Roman is still in jail: man-eater Nicole. When she catches ex-addict Belle taking pills, she learns about the bride's terminal tumor.
1505.	Home and Away (1988 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.4769 (2008)
Geoff is forced to attend the prom alone as Mel didn't tell about her grounding, which Miles wisely refuses to wave after a bit of best behavior. Luckily Nicole admits dream-date Lachlan dumped her for a concert- with his gay parter. Matthew offers Mel an alternative private 'party': the drugs he bough from Xavier. Aden gets wining 'still not ready' Belle to attend for his sake. After failing to clean out Leah's account because of the alert clerk's who even tries to phone her home later, Bridget and her accomplice want to try again now they now the security question "Your favorite aunt?". Rachel discovers her medical lies. Kirstie gets a surprise visitor.
1506.	Home and Away (1988 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.4481 (2007)
Jack tells Rory to warn off bullies with his cop house-mate, Sam is worried how close both 'her' cheerfully frolicking boys seem with Martha. Rachel makes them feel welcome, but refuses to consider Brad's best man Henk Van Patten's claim he has changed in eight years. Brad feels he has lost his haughty elitist streak.
1507.	Home and Away (1988 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.5967 (2014)
Nate arranges eye surgery for Tamara, or she'll definitely go blind. She now turned bitterly on Oscar for his supposed 'hit and run'. The school paper editor won't print his confession either, but Sasha wants to run it, against Leah's advice, after he sends her a recording of Evie pleading against coming clean. By the time Zac and the family learn about that and agree protecting Oscar, who starts to get scared, is best, it's probably too late. Kyle convinces Phoebe to make up with her father, but he doesn't pick up his phone.
1508.	Home and Away (1988 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.5649 (2012)
Jett clearly doesn't trust Palmer's reconciliation with Gina, even now he moved back in, but a sneaky recording test proves the Marilyn threat over, despite appearances. Romeo warns Indy against bold risks after the police arrests Neil, but he's released for lack of evidence. Lisa feels it's time she lifts the threat to the Walder family, but the stress already caused Dex to have another spastic seizure. Alf makes Roo realize that Harvey can't pick a best man for lack of local friends, but she calls a study mate behind his back.
1509.	Home and Away (1988 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.4675 (2008)
Nicole is even ruder then usual to dad for flirting with Charlie and in school. Bartlet tells Kirstie he knows she needed Jai's help but approves of both of them. During the class science camp, Geoff notices Nioole slipping away with the hunky waiter. Tired of being on best behavior, Axel convinces Jai to pull a prank. Roman helps Charlie prepare a romantic welcome in the family-dinner for Morag with Ross, who proposes.
1510.	Home and Away (1988 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.6112 (2014)
Maddy just wants to curl up and hide away after her cancer diagnosis and it takes a visit from best friend Oscar to convince her to go back to the hospital, but even then Nate can't give her any reassurances. Irene and Leah are both in Victorian prude mode, preventing Matt and Sasha spending the night together, so Matt suggests they get a place together. Sasha isn't keen, especially when Matt provokes Spencer (who's already stressed about Maddy), but uppitily refuses to discuss it with him so he ends up telling Leah she's moving in. Brax and Ricky argue over his habit of rushing into dangerous situations, with Ricky raising the touchy subject of Casey, but a meeting by Casey's grave sees them settle their differences...just as the police are investigating Dean's murder.
1511.	Home and Away (1988 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.5565 (2012)
Palmer is delighted that Jett seems to throw himself completely at life-guarding, yet Gina remains mistrusting in case it proves disappointing. She even bothers Jett about Richard Bozic again, only to be told to leave him alone about such an unworthy candidate-father. Despite Dex and Lima's best efforts to encourage and inform Romeo and Casey and a generous dinner offered by Sid, the boys remain as much the victim of the girls' hopeless mixes signals as those themselves, yet the fickle girls keep blaming 'men', April refusing to take side.
1512.	Home and Away (1988 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.5872 (2013)
Dex's countless concessions and indulgent efforts from best man Casey and others to finish the hasty wedding preparations somehow work out, however shoddy. Chris and Spencer even find an alternative home with them at Irene's for Sasha, who doesn't want to move in with Sid at Broken Hill, but paternal authority seems to win out beyond the legal age to need consent. Heath convinces Indi that he's the best choice as new manager if she sells the gym, although Casey has all formal qualifications; When Dex is already at the altar, April gets a mysterious anxiety attack.
1513.	Home and Away (1988 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.4504 (2007)
Jack only tries to do the best thing and spare everyone's feelings, but now Dan refuses to sign without another session and gets reproached by both girls for being economical with the truth. Rory seeks shelter in the diner. He finally finds another legal alternative and convinces Martha to sign just the affidavit with a farewell kiss. Drew moves back to Dan's despite jazz's plea to stay. Drew was ready to take Dan's idea to give her a share, just when announces Dane is challenging his inheritance in court.
1514.	Home and Away (1988 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.4480 (2007)
Lucas makes it brutally clear that unfortunate wounded, homeless Geoff is still unwelcome, so Tony grudgingly starts looking for alternative accomodation, at Irene's, where Belle takes a bit of getting used to. Jack, Sam and Rory are welcomed by Rachel, who meanwhile worries that her former crush, Henk Van Patten, although separated from but still interested in, may not agree to be best man at Brad's wedding.
1515.	Home and Away (1988 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.4335 (2007)
Belle keeps abusively trying gentle Lucas's angelic patience, one moment seemingly in true love, the next pushing him away or running off. Drew knows and senses she's still drawn to him, but even after a spontaneous kiss she pulls away. Young Rory made it crystal-clear he's looking forward to having their manly best mate Jack around a lot, so when ma decides to move after trouble with their -new- landlord, the kid is so disappointed he apparently runs off- only to be found at Jack's, where he reads ma the riot act for messing up his latest and best chance at a father figure by opposing living all three together; Jack's promise to stay close is exactly the right cure.
1516.	Home and Away (1988 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.5447 (2012)
Darryl stands his ground against Geoffry King, even daring him to use a loaded gun, but Leah ignores Brax's grim warning to butt out and offers the crime lord $25,000 from her savings. Seeing Heath frolic on the beach with his ex, her new English teacher Henrietta 'Henri' Brown, renders April too jealous to behave properly with her 'rival', whom she even bars from handing her gift at Bianca's hen night. Male stripper Nathan Cunningham makes a run for it when he notices his former school staff in the audience. Romeo accepts last minute to be Liam's best man and arrange a quiet bachelor party, just poker, where Heath is allowed, wins and celebrates hotly in his car.
1517.	Home and Away (1988 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.5166 (2010)
Romeo has made up his mind, Indy is not lover-material like Annie, so he wants to remain just friends at best. Prince Vittorio Seca arrives unexpected, determined to win Bianca back, however hostile her and April's initial reception is, so he starts by charming Irene. He gets Bianca to 'grant him a last chance dinner', which proceeds well. Just when Liam arrives, whom Bianca kept in the dark, Vittorio has earned a kiss, which his rival happens to witness. Sid sticks to his guns concerning Mitzy, who tells Marilyn that's normal for a protective lover, nor cause for hostility.
1518.	Home and Away (1988 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.6036 (2014)
Casey is delighted when Darryl finally confides his and Rickie's child wish into him, yet refuses to give up pleading for new chances for Andi, arguing he never benefited from crucial family support, unlike the Braxton bunch, who all needed it often. Oscar keeps over-exercising and puzzles community service bully Mitch, whom he previously knocked down in a fight, by voluntarily doing his heavy lifting and asking for a ride 'home' deep into the bush, where exhaustion finally makes Oscar collapse. Palmer and Marilyn have a hard time convincing terrified Jett that he doesn't have to be on slavish best behavior to avoid being ousted by John's natural daughter. Drug gang leader Cody Dalton asks Andi to 'do business again' and makes the offer too tempting to just turn down.
1519.	Home and Away (1988 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.4931 (2009)
Just when Jai comes show Annie the website he made for her, he sees her kiss Dex, so all three feel miserable. Although Dex tries to make them see reason, both others now avoid each-other and him. Kirstie's cold claim their relationship is too shaky to keep the baby shock Miles, he even starts neglecting school duties. Nicole conveniently gets a light burn and insists to be brought to hospital for examination by Sid, who sees trough her ploy and refuses to bandage her. Later she drops by at his home, playing the poor victim of life until he hugs her for comfort, then steals a kiss just when her new best friend Indigo arrives.
1520.	Home and Away (1988 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.6123 (2015)
Andy is doing his best to worm his way back into Hannah's life, banning her family from seeing her in hospital and hypocritically judging Nate and Sophie for the accident. Fortunately for Nate, no-one else seems to see the accident was his fault and John and Hannah are quick to absolve him of blame. Spencer jealously blasts Oscar on learning of Maddy's disappearance but when he speaks to Maddy on the phone and she asks about Oscar, he abruptly changes tack and decides Oscar is the only person who can find her, so Oscar is soon on his way to the city with only Maddy's scrapbook to guide him.
1521.	Home and Away (1988 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.5657 (2012)
Best man Winston convinces Roo to disregard the wicked Stuart aunts' incriminations against Harvey and be his bride anyway. April confided Dex's secret into Irene, who tells Sid at the wedding, resulting in father-son-scene but also a reconciliation with April. Hearing Tamara is broke, Casey arranged fro her to join the wedding waiters crew, but she steals a kiss just when jealous Sasha watches.
1522.	Home and Away (1988 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.5060 (2010)
The Jefferies brothers are nervous wreck after their awkwardly close escape from the police. Angelo gently explains from experience to Aden confession would be best, but he only does after stopping Justin from doing so a second time, pleading only to let his brother off. Miles is caught lost in 'converstaion' with rabbit again, confesses to Alf he dumped his medication and gets fired by Gina for resisting psychiatric assessment.
1523.	Home and Away (1988 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.6093 (2014)
Josh and Maddy are spending time together because of the pregnancy, causing Maddy to neglect best friend Oscar who warns her about falling in love with Josh again, while an encounter with Hannah reminds Josh of his break-up with selfish girlfriend Evelyn. Brax is still in a depressed state over his experience in prison so Ash suggests they go away together for a bit. Cowardly Nate continues to avoid smitten wife Sophie rather than address their problems, dragging attempted fling Hannah into acting as a confidante, and when he does break up with her for the umpteenth time he finds her collapsed from an overdose.
1524.	Home and Away (1988 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.5650 (2012)
Jett shows no mercy for John's home cooking. Heath refuses to consider a reconciliation with Bianca, now she swears it's over Adam, claiming he won't allow another cruelly abusive manipulator like his late father in his life. She admits to Liam to have deserved that. Dex hides the extent of his brain problems. Marilyn is delighted with her ex-date Winston Markman, whom Roo secretly asked as Harvey's best man. He arrives while the groom explains how unfit the accident-prone party animal is, but still is drawn into excessive drinking.
1525.	Home and Away (1988 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.4731 (2008)
Melody tells Geoff she overheard Kirstie talking Miles out of taking her in as long-term guardians. Geoff fails to make Irene volunteer. Aden stands his hazing test well, but the boss warns any trouble with Belle can cost him his job. She's caught snooping in the municipal archives' confidential section. Rachel agrees with Melody's idea to seek emancipation by 'divorcing' her parents, as Tony fears extending the 'right on best care' logic to Joe. After bringing dad Edward back, Christine physically drags Melody in her cars before Geoff can help her.
1526.	Home and Away (1988 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.6290 (2015)
Irene and Leah quickly twig that Marilyn is lying about remembering John and their wedding, and she is convinced to confess to him. However, when she instinctively starts meditating it appears her memory is coming back. Responsible Maddy plays big sister with Evelyn, taking her to get the morning-after pill after her liaison with Tank. Tank meets Oscar and does his best to be nice to him but Oscar ends up suspicious anyway, with jealous Josh quick to encourage him, while Leah decides to interrogate her common-law niece's new boyfriend. Tank takes Evie to meet some friends but she is uncomfortable to find herself the only girl among a bunch of rough-looking youths.
1527.	Home and Away (1988 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.5697 (2013)
Romeo is diagnosed with melanoma, but swears Sid not to tell Indi, at least until it's confirmed malignant or not. Nick spends the night on the beach, but his fugue is cut short when he's found and brought back by Heath, whose confidence is shocked by his separation from Darcy. Darryl tells Nick to stay put and never doubt fraternal loyalty, whatever it takes. Nick duly returns Tamara's mean loyalty doubts by pointing out she deserts Casey in his darkest hour. Scolded 'pretty useless' by jealous Darren, Zac successfully plays his last trump to convince Casey to accept a deal which frees him and probably means the best chance for Jamie too: sharing his own experience during a six month sentence for weed sales to finance his studies.
1528.	Home and Away (1988 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.6159 (2015)
Andy rescues Hannah, yet feels guilty and hides for Evie's reproaches, until Nate points out to him, Evie and trough her Josh Andy is the best thing in Hannah's life, so they finally give him due support. Zac and John's plan to wear down VJ and Jett's determination to work to boxing by grueling training program not only fails, they knaves find out and prove their duplicity. Spencer accepts to take Oscar's place as Maddy's one-sided 'studdy buddy'.
1529.	Home and Away (1988 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.6016 (2014)
Maddy finally cottons on to the fact Josh has been cheating on her, and even Oscar, smitten with Maddy, begins to realise Evelyn is far from innocent. Evelyn denies everything but Josh admits the truth to his girlfriend. For all her protests, Evelyn is quick to fall into Josh's arms now he's single. Zac forgives Oscar for believing criminal Andy over him but Hannah is already making up excuses for Andy. Heath decides that, with Connie selfishly keeping him and Darcy apart, he and Harley are best off joining Bianca in the city. Brax convinces Connie to let Heath say goodbye and Darcy is left devastated. Later, Heath is surprised by a visit from Darcy and Connie.
1530.	Home and Away (1988 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.5655 (2012)
After Adam publicly scolds Adam, the knave returns with a head wound. Heath takes pity on him and invites him to help guard Kyle, but father and son are still in league. Palmer wants to 'protect' Jett himself but resigns to informing the police, who can't act against Jamie's unproven hacking. Harvey is not amused to be abducted to a Syndey night club for his bachelor party, but the surprise presence of his best mate Gary makes up for a lot, so he gets drunk too.
1531.	Home and Away (1988 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.5581 (2012)
Now Indy has completely dumped Romeo, best mate Liam lets her steal a kiss. Dex and April move, happily despite numerous practical complications and some embarrassing belongings. Blindly jealous of Indy, whom Romeo can't forget even now she 'threw him away', Ruby sabotages her new car, ignoring Dex borrowed it for his move.
1532.	Home and Away (1988 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.5759 (2013)
Zac's patience wearing down, he makes clear to have no interest in deluded pupil Holly, refusing to tutor her. Spencer tells jealously bitching ex Maddy to leave him alone now Holly is her best mate while he stands by pregnant Rose. Harvey fails to reconcile Palmer with Marilyn.
1533.	Home and Away (1988 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.6385 (2016)
VJ and Skye sneak into the uni party but VJ ends up getting drunk and having to be looked after by Billie, while Skye is dispirited to see Oscar copping off with a succession of girls. Evelyn fills Oscar in on Skye's crush and he does his best to preserve her feelings. Irresponsible Matt decides to quit uni after about two weeks. Irene and Claire are left shattered by Olivia's selfish interference and their attempt to carry on as normal fails. Olivia's row with boyfriend Hunter is halted by the arrival of Lindsay, the girl he stayed with in the city, who announces they kissed.
1534.	Home and Away (1988 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.4359 (2007)
Kerri saves Amanda by pretending the hidden drugs are her wedding present, later when Ethan makes her bring the drugs for a buyer supposedly runs him over fatally as getaway-car. Dan accepts to be brother Peter's best man. After sprinklers ruined the papier-mache preparations for the hospital benefit, Colleen commandeers all the girls, Tony and Kim as 'emergency volunteers', Kim fakes a strained ankle to stage a mass escape, leaving Alf alone with the hag.
1535.	Home and Away (1988 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.4861 (2009)
Alg suggests the shark panic can best be stopped by killing the tiger-shark(s). Hugo disagrees but changes his mind to save the economy, and according to Xavier to prove himself to Martha, who keeps nagging. Roman is back to normal, ready to resume diner work and invites Gardy back, for longer, who gets him drink for a sinister purpose. Trey shows interest in Nicole again, but by now even Xavier has turned on him and she won't even hear his apologies. Roman refuses, so Alf and Miles are recruited as Hugo's shark hunt crew. Ruby starts a 'save the shark' campaign, joined by Martha, which drives Hugo even more crazy.
1536.	Home and Away (1988 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.5771 (2013)
Even after Darryl awakes from coma, Casey wants to chase Ricky, but Heath insists to thank her and grant regular visits. Kyle does his best to help Tamara remember her love for Casey, but is told she wants him. When she sort of remembers Leah's house, Kyle offers his room and sleeps on the couch, only to be sneaked at by her at night to steal a kiss. Heath is startled that Bianca accepts being demoted as her temperament isn't fit for the job of principal. Despite her opposition to student support demonstrations, Maddy convinces the kids to go trough and suspiciously enjoys Spencer's physically close support.
1537.	Home and Away (1988 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.6222 (2015)
Denny walks out on Ash straight after having sex with him, and later tells him she only wants something casual. Ash goes straight back to trying to talk to Phoebe about "the moment" and ends up shutting them both in a storeroom without working out how they're going to get out again. Someone plasters posters of Kat's head on a pole dancer's body around town and Kat blames Billie. When this bizarrely affects Kat's promotion chances, Nate decides the best thing to do is yell at Billie a bit, prompting Billie to sneak into his house and do something suspicious with his phone. Ricky is still struggling with Casey so caring uncle Kyle steps in.
1538.	Home and Away (1988 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.6228 (2015)
Jett says his farewell from Summer Bay, off to be an army drone, but manages to say farewell to John, Marilyn and Alf first. Matt does his best to sabotage his blind date, then tells Maddy that there's someone else. She realises it's Charlotte when Matt forgets the meaning of "discreet" but is shocked and horrified to realise they've slept together and tries to get her childish friend to look at things in a mature way. Billie seems to be normal as she apologises to Nate but proves just how much she has lost it by using Chris to make it look like Nate has attacked her.
1539.	Home and Away (1988 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.4494 (2007)
Now Rorie has told everyone Jack and Sam are getting married too, the groom learns his divorce isn't final yet, and found out that papers were torn-up. Some mates plan the ruff 'last chance' bachelor party Brad didn't want, only best man Henk's finger gets accidentally hurt. Sedation-groggy, he can no longer fight off Cassie.
1540.	Home and Away (1988 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.5654 (2012)
By spying on Jett's computer, Jamie learns that buddy VJ wants to contact him, even ask help, but ignores where Leah took him and suggests to ask Liam, who ignores why Jamie hangs around during his restaurant shifts and promises Jett to help if he can. Best man Winston Markman keeps suggesting exorbitant bachelor party adventures, which Harvey steadily turns down. As nobody seems interest in any free ride, Winston finally guesses that Harvey simply has no local friends. He seems to give up, but actually abducts Harvey at night. Sid is deeply hurt by Lisa's return to Neil so they break up.
1541.	Home and Away (1988 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.6020 (2014)
Shy Oscar has an eye on Maddie, so he keenly volunteers his shoulder for her to cry on now 'everyone betrays her'. Spencer tries everything to keep her in line at school, but duly berated in class by Zac for bickering with Josh and Evie, she runs off, swearing never to return, which Spencer reports to Alf and Roo. Evie plans a family dinner reconciliation, which Zac accepts attending, but Oscar cancels, to stand by Maddie, and Hannah reconciles with Andy. Finding out the extent of Andy's drug dealer trouble as he now sleeps in the gym, Casey takes in Josh, who isn't safe in the caravan park anymore. Chris eagerly applies as Palmer's best man, but is turned down and replaced by Jett.
1542.	Home and Away (1988 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.6082 (2014)
Spencer continues to be unable to see past fake internet girlfriend Amy to online predator Keith, despite Alf and Chris' best efforts, but a visit to Keith convinces him to go to the police. Maddy is at a loss as to how to pay back the money she stole from the gym so Andy, who owes her a few favours by now, agrees to lend it to her. However, he proves woefully incompetent at covering, so hypocritical scumbag Brax fires her despite forgiving Casey and Andy having done a lot worse without any kickback. Cowardly love rat Nate does another U-turn on his marriage and decides he wants rid of Sophie, making a play for a frustrated Hannah instead. A mysterious stranger looking for Brax has Irene and Roo insisting they've never heard of him and Andy assaulting the guy as soon as look at him, but when Brax finally encounters the man he embraces him as a friend.
1543.	Home and Away (1988 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.4906 (2009)
Wedding guests Ryan and pregnant Amanda already arrive, bearing honeymoon tickets as welcome wedding gift. Meanwhile Nicole doesn't feel it's right to keep Belle's morbid secret from groom Aden or betray the bride and therefore won't be 'best man' loco Roman. Geoff and finding Belle collapsed make her reconsider. Then she betrays the secret, which Aden can't handle.
1544.	Home and Away (1988 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.6084 (2014)
Josh quickly recovers from the failed move date, Evie even apologizes and agrees to 'just take it easy' only to kiss. Palmer is confident he can finance his family honeymoon with a film festival, although clueless what to feature. Kyle ignored that when hastily trying to organize a free podium at Angelo's for Phoebe's return home, both agree they best delay, but Palmer's taunting is taken as a chicken-challenge. Matt worries that his father Gray is completely relapsing into alcohol abuse and insists on renewed rehab, but Sasha barging in leads to a near-fight and an ultimatum to choose between her and family loyalty.
1545.	Home and Away (1988 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.6066 (2014)
Summer Bay gathers to celebrate John and Marilyn's wedding, as the pair exchange sweet vows and light a candle for absent friends. Jett asks them to adopt him in best man's speech and Chris gets a dance with Shandi but a ham-fisted attempt at discipline from Roo results in Maddy going out and getting drunk. The police still can't manage to pin attempted murder on Brax and attempts to dissuade him from wrecking everyone's lives by going after Jake again fall on death ears until Ricky tells him of her pregnancy. However, evil Andy manages to get past the incompetent police and callously murders his former associate as he lies helpless.
1546.	Home and Away (1988 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.5869 (2013)
Chris's gloom is solved when Spencer moves in, relived himself since Dex convinced Sasha to forget silly jealousy and games and make up. Spencer discovers the runaways in the Walker farm shed and convinces Jett, who wanted to abandon the ill-planned fugue anyway, and stubborn Nina to return to John, who expresses deep disappointment and despair. Casey and Tamara realize that somehow the magic is gone and agree to separate, but keep it silent when Dex and April ask them as best man and bridesmaid as a model couple in a wedding among true lover pairs. Casey goes visit Darryl in jail.
1547.	Home and Away (1988 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.5311 (2011)
Romeo finally musters the courage to tell about his chlamydia to Indy, who already knew. Next Romeo informs Ruby, who pretends it's not her concern. Casey convinces her to get tested after explanations from Romeo, whom Casey later attacks physically on the beach, only to hear Ruby sneer that makes her doubt if he isn't a real, bad River Boy after all. Elijah Johnson 'hires' newcomer Lisa to do the fund-raising for his shelter, she convinces Roo to team up again as event planner, being both penniless former best mates.
1548.	Home and Away (1988 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.4950 (2009)
Angelo can't convince Charlie he only kept from her what he had to for his undercover work and asks his boss to be relieved, but is told that would mean no deal or job and a murder charge. Robertson keeps pushing hard in Grant's murder investigation and for a date with Leah, ultimately telling her honesty appeals most to him. Romeo fears the surf instructor job won't be his, but after Alf says John Palmer is as rude to everybody tries a daring "I'm the best" sales technique and gets it. Miles doubts if Romeo's poetry will get Jai's lover back. Even Irene looses patience with moody Annie's rudeness, abusing even Geoff.
1549.	Anger Management (2012 TV Series)
Episode: Charlie Goes Back to Therapy (2012)
When Charlie almost beats his ex-wife's boyfriend (qv##nm0004977##) with a lamp after an anger relapse, he decides he needs to go back to therapy. Unfortunately, he is currently having sex with the only therapist he trusts: his best friend Kate. Since the number-one rule of therapy is not to have sexual relations with patients, Charlie must choose between his love of sex and his need for help.
1550.	Vampire Academy (2014)
Rose Hathaway is a dhampir, half-vampire and half-human, who is training to be a guardian at St Vladimir's Academy along with many others like her. There are good and bad vampires in their world: Moroi, who co-exist peacefully among the humans and only take blood from donors, and also possess the ability to control one of the four elements - water, earth, fire or air; and Strigoi, blood-sucking, evil vampires who drink to kill. Rose and other dhampir guardians are trained to protect Moroi and kill Strigoi throughout their education. Along with her best friend, Princess Vasilisa Dragomir, a Moroi and the last of her line, with whom she has a nigh unbreakable bond, Rose must run away from St Vladimir's, in order to protect Lissa from those who wish to harm the princess and use her for their own means.
Seventeen year old Rose Hathaway is reckless, passionate, outspoken and beautiful. She is also a dhampir (half vampire/half human) training to become a Guardian, an essential part of her world needed for the survival of her race. She, along with others study at St. Vladimir's Academy in Montana where they coexist with Moroi (mortal vampires who can manipulate the element -air, earth, fire, water) until they graduate to protect the Royal Families from the evil, nocturnal, immortal Strigoi vampires who kill humans and Moroi alike. The war is never-ending and it has been a battle of survival for centuries. But will Rose be able to prove herself through discipline when she herself is falling for her 24 year old mentor, Dimitri Belikov after returning to school with Princess Lissa Dragomir, a Royal Moroi and Rose's best friend after an infamous two year furlough that endangered their lives?
The teenagers Rose Hathaway and Vasilisa "Lissa" Dragomir are best friend and escapee from the St. Vladimir's Academy for more than one year. When the guardian Dimitri Belikov from the St Vladimir's Academy and his team find the girls, they bring them back to the academy. Rose is a Dhampir, a good half human-half vampire breed that can eat regular food and are trained to protect the Moroi from the evil immortal vampires Strigoi. Lissa is a Princess of the Moroi, a good mortal breed of vampires that feed of blood from donors and is capable to control one of the four elements. When they return, the Headmistress Kirova intends to punish Rose, but the old Moroi Victor Dashkov, who was a friend of Lissa's family, dissuades Kirova from her intent. Lissa dates her outcast schoolmate Christian Ozera but unexpectedly she is threatened by someone that wishes to harm her. Victor's daughter Natalie joins Rose and Lissa to help them to seek out who might be the enemy.
1551.	Dumb & Dumber (1994)
Lloyd and Harry are two lovable and friendly, but very stupid friends, who struggle with every aspect of life. Working as a limo driver, Lloyd drops off the beautiful Mary at the airport and instantly falls in love with her. Watching Mary through a window, Lloyd witnesses her leave her case behind. Grabbing her case, Lloyd is too late, but soon thinks of the next best thing. Dragging Harry with him, Lloyd heads off to Aspen to deliver the case to her personally. However, Mary isn't the only person after the case, as a pair of criminals are after the same case.
1552.	Hannah Montana (2006 TV Series)
Miley Stewart might seem like an average girl but she isn't. She moved from Tennessee to Malibu and is adapting to a new lifestyle. Miley has a huge secret only known by her dad/manager Robbie Ray Stewart, her weird brother Jackson Stewart, and her two best friends Lilly Truscott and Oliver Oken. Miley Stewart's huge secret is she leads a double as the famous pop singer Hannah Montana along with her friend Lilly who also has a double life as Lola, Hannah's friend.
Miley Stewart leads a completely normal life, except for one factor. She's teen pop sensation Hannah Montana! She lives with her fun dad Robbie Ray and dorky brother Jackson and has fun with her two best friends Lilly Truscott and Oliver Oken. She goes through average teen problems including pimples, bullies, and the occasional wicked cousin trying to reveal your secret.
1553.	Hannah Montana (2006 TV Series)
Episode: People Who Use People (2006)
Hannah and Jake present the award for best on screen kiss at the Teen Scene Awards. While there, she sees Jake with another girl backstage and thinks that she is his new girlfriend. She gets really jealous and tries to make Jake jealous as well. How will it turn out? Tune in to find out.
Jake and Miley are at the video awards giving the award for Best Onscreen Kiss. Miley keeps messing up because she is too busy staring at Jake. After handing out the award, Miley and Lily are back stage, and Lily says that Jake broke up with Rachel, and Miley will have a chance to get together with him. But then, they see Jake and another actress named Holly. Jake is using her to try and make Miley jealous. Miley tries to make Jake jealous by asking out a guy named Willis, which she thinks is a senior. She asks him out to a bolling alley, and finds out that he is eleven and a half. She dumps him, and at the beach the next day, sees Jake, and asks him why he hadn't told any of the other guys that she went out with an eleven and a half year old. He says its because he thought it was pretty cute that she tried to make him jealous. She goes over to him and they start trying to make each other confess that they like each other. Then, Jake kisses Miley. It goes to commercial, and when it comes back, it shows Jake and Miley sitting on a balcony, and Miley says that they are now going out. Jake asks her if she wants to go on a date, four months from that Saturday, because he is doing a movie, and leaving that night. She says she is going to give him something to remember her while he is gone. She leans in to kiss him and pushes him off of the balcony. While this is going on, Jackson is using his dad to get a good grade by dating his teacher.
1554.	Hannah Montana (2006 TV Series)
Episode: It's the End of the Jake as We Know It (2010)
While Hannah is taping a Christmas TV Special with singer Sheryl Crow, brother Jackson is pining away for his new girlfriend Sienna who is overseas on a photo shoot in Peru. Best friends Lilly and Oliver are afraid to tell Hannah/Miley that her boyfriend Jake has cheated on her while he is on location filming a new movie.
1555.	General Hospital (1963 TV Series)
The General Hospital of today centers on Kelly's diner, Sonny Corinthos' penthouse the Quartermaine house and sometimes the Hospital. Once a show based around the hospital and it's employees it is now centered on the mob. Maurice Bernard headlines the show about some of the residents of the fictitious town of Port Charles, NY. Stories focus on Sonny and how his life affects the people around him, mainly his wife Carly, his main hit man/best friend Jason Morgan (formally Quartermaine) and Sonny's recently acquired 21-year-old sister Courtney. Other story lines that may be featured will focus on the quirky Quartermaines, which include Skye, AJ, Ned, Edward, and Emily. Promising story lines on the show at the moment are the stories of Elizabeth Webber and Ric Lancing and the current Teen storyline. Also featured are Luke Spencer, Lucky Spencer, Nikolas Cassadine, Stefan Cassadine, Zander, Alan, and Monica.
1556.	General Hospital (1963 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.7913 (1994)
Luke and Laura tell Lucky that he is going to be a big brother. Rhonda is not happy with how quickly Jagger and Karen are getting married but agrees to come to the wedding. Karen asks Robin to be in her wedding party and is happy to learn that Stone is Jagger's best man. Miguel gets a job at the Outback with help from Steve and Audrey.
1557.	General Hospital (1963 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.13472 (2016)
Lulu's guilt gets the best of her, as she starts to realize that there is no simple solution to repairing her and Dante's marriage. Anna seeks out Robert for his help. The success of Crimson's Green Issue puts the tax-dodging Julian on edge.
1558.	General Hospital (1963 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.13019 (2014)
The engagement party really heats up when Elizabeth finally learns the secret about Ben. Now she must contemplate on how to best deal with this revelation. Meanwhile, Obrecht is beyond livid when she finds Brad ready to reveal the truth to Lucas. Sonny and Alexis team up to probe into a possible connection between Ric and Julian.
1559.	General Hospital (1963 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.13051 (2014)
Olivia approaches Sonny about her suspicions, as he tries his best to delay the inevitable. Julian divulges stunning information about Ava to Shawn. Will Shawn expose Ava? Anna is suspicious of the evidence Carly and Franco might be hiding in regards to AJ's case.
1560.	General Hospital (1963 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.13170 (2014)
Nina and Franco compare notes on where they stand on their revenge plans. Sonny's conscience gets the best of him when he sees a vision from his past. Tracy ignores Ned's appeals on her ELQ actions. Rosalie is compelled to reveal the location of Ava, and Kiki warns Ava that someone is on her trail.
1561.	Rookie Blue (2010 TV Series)
Episode: The Rules (2012)
It's "back to basics" for 15 Division when Staff Sergeant Frank Best decides it's time for his officers to get back on track. After a death threat aimed at a local priest leads Andy and Nick to a neighborhood drug kingpin, the officers realize they're navigating a delicate war zone with a surprising connection.
1562.	Rookie Blue (2010 TV Series)
Episode: In Blue (2010)
It's judgment day for the rookies, who soon will learn whether or not they've passed their evaluations and can keep their badges. Before she hears her fate from Staff Sgt. Frank Best, Andy has a harrowing experience involving the suspicious death of an unidentified girl that causes her to consider leaving the force.
1563.	Rookie Blue (2010 TV Series)
Episode: A Good Shoot (2012)
There's a basketball tournament between teams from different neighborhoods. And in the past it gets heated so Best decides is going to work it. And he meets someone he knows who recently just got out. Dov goes into a convenience store and he sees someone behind the counter. Doc asks him to come out, he ducks. Dov tells him to come out, he comes up with a gun and shoots at him. Dov shoots back. Later the investigation the arrives and there and finds no gun. So everyone tries to find it. And the store owner doesn't corroborate Dov's account of what happened. And the guy Best knows upon learning of what happened, threatens retaliation if Dov gets off.
1564.	Mr. & Mrs. Smith (2005)
John and Jane Smith are a normal married couple, living a normal life in a normal suburb and working normal jobs, too. However, in reality, John and Jane are both skilled assassins working for different firms, both the best in their field, each concealing their true profession from the other. When both are assigned to kill a man named Benjamin Danz, nicknamed "The Tank", they encounter each other on the job and discover the truth. Both employers task one Smith to eliminate the other, and each must choose between their personal and professional lives.
1565.	Another Period (2015 TV Series)
Episode: The Duel (2016)
At Lillian and Laverne's wedding, a Bellacourt and Fusselforth do get married, but... Lillian feels the only way to deal emotionally with the aftermath of the ceremony is through drink. Beatrice, who is still at the abbey, wants to atone for her sins so that she can go to heaven. But she wants to go to the heaven "party" with her best friend, her sister Lillian, who Beatrice believes she can and has to save before Lillian can join her in the afterlife. Peepers gets his secret wish when Dodo returns to Bellacourt Manor to confront the Commodore and Celine, who are now awash with Fusselforth money. Their negotiations come down to a duel between the women, with the victor receiving all the spoils, although Dodo seems to be fixated primarily on one inconsequential holding of the Bellacourts. Victor and Albert have a discussion stemming from Blanche's delicate condition. And Garfield makes his first move in wooing Flobelle.
1566.	Another Period (2015 TV Series)
Episode: Tubman (2016)
The Commodore receives advice from one of his lawyers on how to save his crumbling empire, the fall due to the many family scandals, from his affair with Celine and fathering her yet unborn child, to Dodo's morphine addiction, to banished Lillian and Beatrice's media fueled infamy as the pigs, their whereabouts which are currently unknown. With Hortense nixing a plan specifically related to her, the Commodore decides on Plan B, which requires not only finding Lillian and Beatrice, and buying off Victor and Albert, but also receiving a favor from a person of authority across the ocean. Meanwhile, Lillian and Beatrice have enjoyed their proverbial fifteen minutes (in actuality, two weeks) of fame, but have since faded back into obscurity to their and Penelope's dismay, she who has housed them since their banishment. They meet someone who has managed to be famous for quite a while and want to learn her secret, namely Harriet Tubman. For a price, Harriet agrees to help them "brand" themselves to maintain that fame. However, another branding machine may be more well oiled in the long run. With the debacle that was Chair's employment, Peepers decides he has to be extra vigilant in filling her vacant position. And with a pregnant Chair still in a coma, the two sides of Blanche debate each other on the best course of action to take with respect to her role in Chair's current condition.
1567.	Another Period (2015 TV Series)
Episode: Lillian's Birthday (2015)
It's Lillian's birthday. Peepers has organized her birthday parties since before Lillian was born to the Bellacourt's exacting standards. This year, however, Peepers comes down with a malady in the middle of the party, the prognosis which is not good either for him or the party. A question is whether the Bellacourts will do whatever required to save Peepers. Lillian receives a surprise guest for the party, namely her first fiance, Charles Ponzi, who left her at the altar, and who she has not seen since. Lillian still has a soft spot "down there" for Charles, who comes both with his servant boy, Tabu, who has his own soft spot for someone in the manor, and an interesting investment scheme. And Hortense, who always had been told that she was barren, learns that she is not. She has to decide how best to handle her delicate situation.
1568.	The Hurt Locker (2008)
When SFC William James joins Bravo Company in Iraq, they have a month or so left in their tour of duty. He's a bomb disposal expert sent to replace Sgt. Matt Thompson, a long-standing member of the team recently killed while disposing of an improvised explosive device. To say that James loves what he does doesn't quite capture the emotional high he experiences when he gets to do what he does best. His fellow squad members (Sgt. JT Sanborn and Spc. Owen Eldridge) just want to survive the few days of duty they have left, but James' risk-taking drives them all to the edge.
1569.	Black-ish (2014 TV Series)
Episode: Plus Two Isn't a Thing (2016)
Dre's childhood best friend Gigi Franklin is in town, and Bow feels like an afterthought whenever the two of them are together. Meanwhile, the kids always look forward to a visit from Aunt Gigi and during her stay, become inspired to film a music video and become YouTube stars.
1570.	Black-ish (2014 TV Series)
Episode: Hope (2016)
When the kids ask some tough questions in the midst of a highly publicized court case involving alleged police brutality and an African-American teenager, Dre and Bow are conflicted on how best to field them. When the verdict is announced, the family handles the news in different ways.
1571.	Black-ish (2014 TV Series)
Episode: Pilot (2014)
Like any parents, Andre "Dre" and Rainbow Johnson want to give their children the best. But their offspring's childhood is turning out to be much different than theirs. They now realize at least two things: there is a price to pay for giving their children more than what they ever had, and these loving parents are totally unprepared for the fallout.
1572.	Black-ish (2014 TV Series)
Episode: Churched (2015)
In the Johnson home, Sundays involve SAT prep and sports, so when the family is invited to Church on Sunday by the neighbors, Dre goes against his instinct of always saying "no" and agrees. When they end up having one of the best Sundays they can remember, they realize they should say "yes" to things more often. Meanwhile, Jack and Diane find out they were never baptized, and take it upon themselves to do whatever they want.
1573.	Black-ish (2014 TV Series)
Episode: Stuff (2015)
Dre thinks Christmas has become commercialized and is all about "stuff," and no one loves "stuff" more than his kids. Pops and Ruby think they have forgotten the true meaning of Christmas and come up with a new plan to pare down gifts and spend more time together. The kids don't handle the news well and hope that if they put on their best behavior Dre and Bow will cave in. Meanwhile, Daphne Lido (played by Wanda Sykes), who is single for her first holiday alone, invites herself to the Johnson family home to celebrate with them.
1574.	Foyle's War (2002 TV Series)
Episode: Among the Few (2003)
September 1940: When the police and the civil authorities suspect that petrol is being stolen from a local depot, Foyle agrees to let Sam Stewart go undercover as a driver to see if she can find out what is going on. Sam is partnered with Connie Dewar who is in love with a flying officer, Rex Talbot who just happens to be Andrew Foyle's best friend. It becomes apparent to Sam that Connie is involved in the petrol thefts and when she is found dead, there are a number of suspects. Connie is also several months pregnant but she didn't tell anyone who the father was. For DCS Foyle, the case becomes especially complicated when it turns out his son Andrew was perhaps the last person to see her alive.
1575.	Foyle's War (2002 TV Series)
Episode: All Clear (2008)
It's early May 1945 and the formal announcement that the war is over is imminent. The station is being relocated and Foyle is definite that he is going to retire. DS Paul Milner anxiously awaits news of a possible promotion to Inspector. Sam is trying her best to find a job, but finds it a hard slog. Foyle's son Andrew also re-appears and wonders if Sam will have anything to do with him after the way he treated her. On the policing front, Foyle investigates the murder of Dr. Henry Ziegler, who was stabbed on the street. Ziegler was a transplanted Austrian but had recently faced the brunt of anti-German feeling in the community. When one of his patients soon after commits suicide, Foyle and Milner must determine what, if any, connection there might be between the two deaths.
1576.	A Separation (2011)
Nader and Simin, a middle class Iranian couple with an eleven year old daughter named Termeh, are on the verge of divorce. They love each other, but Simin, with exit visas for the family only good for the next forty days, wants to leave Iran permanently to a better life especially for Termeh. Nader, however, refuses to go as his father suffers from Alzheimer's and Nader will not leave him behind despite he probably not knowing who Nader is most of the time. As such, Simin moves out of their home and back in with her own parents. Termeh, however, stays with her father as she sees this action as a way to bring her parents back together. As Nader's father requires around the clock supervision, Nader, on a suggestion from Simin about a family member of an acquaintance, hires a man named Hojjat to be his father's caregiver when he's at work during the day. However, on Hojjat's first day in this position, he can't make it. Instead, Hojjat's wife, Razieh, with their infant daughter Somayeh, shows up to do the work as they desperately need the money. A few days in with Razieh having so far done all the work for an absent Hojjat, an incident occurs between Nader and Razieh, the results from which threaten both their standing in the community. With their respective spouses and children among others thrown into the mix, each individual has made up his or her mind about what is the best thing to do for his or herself, which is often at cross purposes to the others. These decisions take into consideration justice, humanity and/or individual well-being.
1577.	Elizabeth (1998)
It's 1553 and King Henry VIII has died. His sickly son Edward VI reigns for a short while before dying so his eldest daughter, Mary, a childless Catholic, has ascended to the throne. Under Mary's reign, Protestants, known as heretics, are being burned to death. Mary is ill and her half sister, Protestant Elizabeth, is next in line to the throne. Regardless of Mary being queen, she would never allow a Protestant to rule England. Although there is rumor of a Protestant uprising, Mary knows that Elizabeth is not behind this maneuver, yet Mary brings Elizabeth in under possible charges of treason. Elizabeth denies all and denies Mary's wish to uphold the Catholic faith once on the throne. Upon Mary's death in 1558 and Elizabeth's ascension to the throne, England is weak and in disarray. Many are out to unseat Elizabeth, 'a heretic'. To ensure her security on the throne, Elizabeth has to show some leadership, which includes, according to some of her many advisors, establishment of a single Protestant based Church of England, marriage to a suitable husband and the production of an heir. That husband however is not to be Lord Robert Dudley, Elizabeth's lover. Elizabeth needs to learn which of her advisors to listen to as some are not out for her best interest.
1578.	A Few Good Men (1992)
The facts: Guantanamo Bay, Cuba - Gitmo as it is known - based marines Lance Corporal Harold Dawson and Private Louden Downey assaulted Private William Santiago in the middle of the night, which included stuffing a rag into his mouth, Santiago who died shortly thereafter of respiratory complications. Special Judge Advocate Counsel Lieutenant Joanne Galloway believes Dawson and Downey were just following orders, as part of the marine's unofficial "code red" where there is self policing within the ranks, and that there was no intent of murder. Galloway, a naive lawyer who seeks fairness and justice at all cost, wants to be assigned the case but she has no trial experience. Instead, the military assigns Lieutenant Daniel Kaffee to be Dawson and Downey's counsel. Kaffee is a lightweight lawyer who also has no trial experience and has a history of taking, as Galloway refers, the path of least resistance by plea bargaining regardless of his clients' guilt/innocence and their wants. Galloway becomes co-counsel in the case. The two, with their assistant Lieutenant Sam Weinberg, have to decide what to do, not an easy task considering their differing views on law and what is best for all including themselves. They do believe Dawson and Downey's story that they were following unofficial/official code red orders, but are uncertain if their case is winnable, especially against the marine machine run by Gitmo's Colonel Nathan Jessep.
1579.	Naruto: Shipp0den (2007 TV Series)
Episode: On the Brink of Death (2015)
Having both been bested by Madara, Naruto and Sasuke's lives hang by a knife's edge. As Gaara transports Naruto to his father at the behest of the Nine-Tails, Orochimaru and Team Taka race to Sasuke as they sense a sinister presence at his location. Meanwhile, Kakashi and Minato attempt to contain Obito who has been possessed by Black Zetsu.
1580.	Grantchester (2014 TV Series)
It's 1953, and Sidney Chambers is vicar of Grantchester, a village just outside Cambridge. Sidney's life is a quiet life - right up until the moment that murder comes his way. Pushed into the dangerous world of lies, betrayal and murder, Sidney quickly finds that his insight into the human condition, and the natural trust that he engenders in people, means that he excels in his new position as 'detective'. Joining Sidney as he journeys into this dark world is the affable but world-weary Detective Inspector Geordie Keating, the naive, but well-meaning curate Leonard Finch, and his austere and constantly disapproving housekeeper Mrs Maguire. But crime isn't the only matter that occupies Sidney. He's smitten with the witty, beautiful, Amanda, but could high society Amanda ever be allowed to marry a lowly country vicar? Can you still see the best in people when the world of murder asks you to see the worst?
1581.	The Untouchables (1987)
1920's prohibition Chicago is corrupt from the judges downward. So in going up against Al Capone, Treasury agent Eliot Ness picks just two cops to help him and his accountant colleague. One is a sharp-shooting rookie, the other a seen-it-all beat man. The four of them are ready to battle Capone and his empire, but it could just be that guns are not the best way to get him.
1582.	Big Brother (2000 TV Series)
Based on the Dutch series, thirteen strangers who are living in a studio-like house that's filled with cameras and microphones, compete in a series of physical and mental stunts, and some challenging trivia at a chance at $500,000 in this reality soap opera-like summer program. Thirteen of those house guests live in 13 different states. America will watch every single move they compete to be the last one standing, after having twelve house guests evicted. These strangers are the contestants who think they have absolutely nothing in common, and a few are in a shock for their lives. The house guests begin to introduce other people at the Big Brother house. It's the first time they will get to know each other and they're not allowed to say not one word with them until they are in the Big Brother house. The thirteen will be living in the same house for the following two months. They may either find their best friend or worst enemy in that group; and in the end, it's one men for themselves. Then, contestants who have performed their stunts were asked to vote for the person who should be kicked out of the house (which happens to be the loser), and the guest with the most votes, is the loser and will be evicted from the Big Brother household. However, if the participant wins his/her stunts, then the player will be named "Head of the Household," for a day. The guest who stays in the house longer than anybody else does wins $500,000.
1583.	Big Brother (2000 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #7.2 (2006)
The other All-Stars see the BB 6 players as a threat, and several conspire to break their "Sea-Sick" (Season Six) alliance. Nominees Danielle and Alison try their best in the Power of Veto Competition, which involves diving, but not the kind of diving you might think.
1584.	Vera (2011 TV Series)
Episode: Hidden Depths (2011)
DCI Vera Stanhope and DS Joe Asworth investigate the murder of 15 year-old Luke Armstrong who was found by his mother dead in their bathtub. It's clear that the boy had been strangled and his body put into tub with flower petals sprinkled about. The boy's mother Julie tells the police he had been depressed since his best friend Tommy had drowned the previous summer. Their initial suspicions about Luke's murderer are proved wrong when the body of local school teacher Lily Marsh is found on the beach by one of her students, 9 year-old James Calvert who was there with his parents Felicity and Peter. She too was strangled with flowers petals scattered about her body. She was new to the area and had actually looked into moving in with the Calvert family as a lodger. Vera realizes it all relates to Tommy's death four months ago and the photos that may be on his missing camera - photos that show Lily Marsh and the man with whom she had had an affair.
1585.	Big (1988)
A young boy named Josh Baskin (qv##nm0608378##) wishes at an old machine to be big, despite the fact that he does not believe that it is going to work. He is very surprised, therefore, to find himself big in the next day. Now he looks like a 30-year-old man, but he still behaves like a thirteen-year-boy. He decides to go with his best friend (qv##nm0750758##) to New York City to find the machine that can fix his wish. There he gets a job at a toy company and develops a relationship with Susan (qv##nm0001610##). Currently, he must learn to get used to the adult world he always wanted to be part of. Would he still like to remain an adult?
1586.	Wanted (2008)
The anxious, clumsy and abused office clerk Wesley Allan Gibson has a hell and boring routine life: his obese boss humiliates him all the time and his girlfriend betrays him with his colleague and best friend during working period. When he meets the sexy Fox, Wesley is informed that his father was a professional killer that belonged to an ancient organization called Fraternity and killed by the skilled and powerful Cross, a hit-man that has betrayed the Fraternity. Wesley learns that his anxiety actually is a manifestation of his latent abilities and he joins the society under the command of Sloan. Trained by Fox, he changes his personality and attitude, being prepared to face the dangerous Cross and find a hidden secret.
1587.	Pride and Prejudice (1995 Mini-Series)
In this lavish adaptation of Jane Austen's classical romance, Elizabeth Bennett is a strong-willed yet sensible young woman whose father is a gentleman with a quite modest estate and whose uncle suffers in status from being a businessman in Cheapside. She has four sisters, a long-suffering but loving father, and a mother anxious to marry them to wealthy young gentlemen. At a local ball, she encounters one such wealthy young man, Mr. Fitzwilliam Darcy -- and as Mr. Darcy is arrogant, cold and rude, it is hatred at first sight. As her older sister Jane falls in love with Mr. Darcy's best friend Mr. Bingley, and her youngest sister Lydia flirts with anyone in a military uniform, Lizzie finds herself fighting off the attentions of the unctuous Mr. Collins and quite taken by the charming Mr. Wickham - who also happens to be an enemy of Mr. Darcy. However, as the characters succumb in many ways to pride and prejudice, Lizzie learns that not all is quite as it seems...and that Mr. Darcy might not be so disagreeable after all.
1588.	Pride and Prejudice (1995 Mini-Series)
Episode: Episode #1.2 (1995)
The Bennets are expecting a visitor - Mr Bennet's clergyman cousin, who will inherit the estate in the absence of any direct male heirs. Mr Collins is coming to Longbourn with the intention of healing the rift between his branch of the family and the Bennets. Though Mrs Bennet cannot help thinking he has come to check over the place, he arrives with the best of intentions.
1589.	Pride and Prejudice (1995 Mini-Series)
Episode: Episode #1.3 (1995)
Less than three days after Mr Collins' proposal to her, Elizabeth is shocked to discover that he has been accepted by her best friend, Charlotte Lucas. Elizabeth cannot believe Charlotte can demean herself so, but her friend tells her that she cannot afford to be choosy and Mr Collins is a good catch. The marriage is to be soon, but Charlotte begs her to visit them at Hunsford Parsonage in March.
1590.	Forgetting Sarah Marshall (2008)
When Sarah Marshall dumps aspiring musician Peter Bretter for rock star Aldous Snow, Peter's world comes crashing down. His best friend suggests that Peter should get away from everything and to fly off to Hawaii to escape all his problems. After arriving in Hawaii and meeting the beautiful Rachel Jansen, Peter is shocked to see not only Aldous Snow in Hawaii, but also Sarah Marshall.
1591.	Will & Grace (1998 TV Series)
Will & Grace are best friends. Will is a gay lawyer and Grace is a straight interior designer. They both live in New York. Grace is engaged to a real jerk, but when that relationship falls apart, she moves in with Will. This is only supposed to be until Grace finds a place of her own, but she and Will end up with each other as permanent roommates. Also in the cast are Jack, Will's flamboyant gay friend and Karen, Grace's secretary/assistant who doesn't really need to work because she married money several times.
1592.	Will & Grace (1998 TV Series)
Episode: Leo Unwrapped (2003)
Grace's birthday is coming up and as the best surprise ever for Grace, who loves surprises, Will has flown Leo from Africa... and forgotten to factor in the time differential into the travel time. So Leo arrives one day early and Will has to hide him while Karen and Jack are tasked to keep Grace away from the apartment. Can they do that? Well, they are Karen and Jack.
1593.	Will & Grace (1998 TV Series)
Episode: Will on Ice (1999)
It's Will's birthday and all he wants is a nice, quiet dinner with his two best friends, Grace and Jack. When Jack and Grace discover they share a passion for figure skating, they surprise Will with tickets for Champions on Ice and Karen reluctantly joins the special evening.
1594.	Will & Grace (1998 TV Series)
Episode: All About Christmas Eve (2002)
"On Christmas Eve, Grace is torn when she has only two tickets to "The Nutcracker" musical and can't take both her best friend Will and new husband Leo (Grammy-winning guest star Harry Connick, Jr.)- but her back-and-forth indecision leaves Will spinning like a Hanukkah dreidel between a dithering Grace and his previous holiday plans with Jack and Karen."
1595.	Will & Grace (1998 TV Series)
Episode: The Big Vent (1999)
Will and Grace become hooked on a real-life soap opera unfolding in their neighbors' apartment when they begin eavesdropping through the new heating vent in their floor. As Will and Grace live vicariously through the marital infidelities of the downstairs couple, Jack feels neglected and enlists Karen's help in staging a play that drives the message home to his two best friends.
1596.	Will & Grace (1998 TV Series)
Episode: I Never Promised You an Olive Garden (1999)
Tired of Rob and Ellen's low-rent taste in dining, Will and Grace start hanging with a pair of hip downtowner's they meet at a sushi joint. But as the new pals paint the town, Rob and Ellen see red when they catch their best friends lying to avoid plans to dine at their favorite eatery: a coupon-crazy Italian chain in Secaucus. Meanwhile, Jack's inner child gets a little pick-me-up when he joins Karen at a PTA meeting at her stepchild's school.
1597.	Will & Grace (1998 TV Series)
Episode: FYI: I Hurt, Too (2004)
After breaking up with Leo, Grace tries to cope with her grief by taking all of Leo's stuff out of his apartment. After Leo shows up at Will's apartment to excuse and win Grace back, she seems to finally end their relationship. Karen writes a song, which she shows to Jack. She asks him to show it to Jennifer Lopez of whom Jack thinks she is his new best friend.
1598.	Will & Grace (1998 TV Series)
Episode: Three's a Crowd, Six Is a Freak Show (2000)
Grace has medical procedure that leaves her with a sore on her lip and when she runs into her new boyfriend she does her best to avoid him but decides to come clean. He also does the same, by telling her he has 6 toes on one of his feet. And when they spend some time alone, he decides to take his shoe off and she becomes uncomfortable. Will and Jack discover that they're seeing the same guy who was unaware of their connection. So they decide to both bow out but the guy keeps calling Will, and Grace convinces him that Jack will understand.
1599.	Will & Grace (1998 TV Series)
Episode: An Affair to Forget (2000)
When Rob and Ellen ask Will and Grace to be the best man and maid of honor at their wedding, Grace's sexy past with the groom is exposed when Ellen learns at her bachelorette party that Grace once slept with Rob. Meanwhile, Jack is confused by his reaction to the entertainment at Rob's bachelor party.
1600.	Catastrophe (2015 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #2.3 (2015)
Rob and Sharon embark on a trip to Paris in order to galvanize their love life. Unfortunately, results are mixed at best.
1601.	Catastrophe (2015 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.3 (2015)
Sharon keeps waking in the night worrying about her pregnancy whilst Rob is having problems generating business for the advertising agency and is relieved to run into Chris, who, on a night out, suggests a career change. Sharon is not encouraging. Sharon herself meets up with old flame Owen, who is now married to a best selling authoress, which makes Sharon feel a failure. Fortunately for her Rob is sympathetic.
1602.	Catastrophe (2015 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.1 (2015)
School-teacher Sharon picks up visiting American Rob for a wild weekend of non-stop sex. He returns to the States but when Sharon calls to tell him that she is pregnant he returns and suggests that they become an item, especially after a doctor has told them that the pregnancy needs close monitoring. They go to dinner with Sharon's friends Fran and Chris, who are not the best advertisement for marriage and Rob ends up arguing with Fran. Nonetheless on their return home he proposes to Sharon.
1603.	Catastrophe (2015 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.6 (2015)
Fergal is delighted to act as Rob's best man but he is also permanently drunk, his wife having left him, whilst Sharon's maid of honour Kate is annoyingly excitable and gets lost on the hen night, having met an eligible man. Rob's stag party, organized by Dave at a pole dancing club, fares no better as Fergal punches Dave and Chris cops off with an old flame who is one of the dancers. At least the wedding goes smoothly but catastrophe strikes on the honeymoon.
1604.	Diagnosis Murder (1993 TV Series)
Episode: Retribution: Part Two (1998)
Mark, framed for the murders of mob king Gonza and a police informer from his entourage, is on death-row next to Malcolm Trainor, who masterminded to get his death sentence reverted now Mark, whose testimony decided it, is utterly discredited. Steve -and his partner- must find the real murderer fast; their best bet is Gonza's mob heir Ross Canin, whom he finds threatening his accountant, Malcolm's brother, but chief Masters orders them to stop investigating him, as it turns out with good reason, but maybe the key is where Gonza's missing fortune went?
1605.	Diagnosis Murder (1993 TV Series)
Episode: Looks Can Kill (1997)
When Jesse's young patient in fine condition dies just after jogging, her supplier, a certain Marco with a criminal record, is hunted down and arrested but Amanda's autopsy proves his supplements were safe, a hospital infection killed her - after another plastic surgery in an amazing long series, all the more surprising for a girl of natural beauty. Now the popular but profit-driven Dr. Elaine Denell's specialized clinic is the target of an examination, which finds it was so badly managed that it is closed down, but Mark and Steve feel it's too easy, especially when the victim's former best friend is nearly killed by a car before Jesse's eyes, so they dig in the past of less obvious suspects...
1606.	Diagnosis Murder (1993 TV Series)
Episode: A Model Murder (1996)
P.I. Ray Donovan is murdered at his desk by a disguised woman. Best man Jessie's frat buddy Rick 'Slick' Brooks, barely injected back to life after a killer bachelor party, got an anonymous phone call asking him to come from Donovan who 'doesn't want to scare the boy' - Steve is there already. Rick can't identify the corps, but Ray's cases include one concerning insurance and Rick's fiancee Wendy Windsor, the daughter of bossy showbiz photographer Catherine Windsor. The autopsy reveals tiny races of film and Mercedes transmission fluid, both fitting Catherine, and Jessie finds out the same car type terminally hit at least one of Wendy's two previous fiances, the other was also killed. However the sleuths find other suspicious traces linking to X-rays, which proves quite dangerous to investigate, even twice...
1607.	The A-Team (1983 TV Series)
In 1971 a special forces A Team, John H. "Hannibal" Smith, Bosco Albert Baracus, and Templeton Peck, led a raid into North Vietnam to rob the central Bank of Hanoi, a raid that succeeded but which landed Smith's A Team in trouble when his CO, Colonel Morrison, was killed in a Raid shelling. Smith, Baracus, and Peck were court-martialed in 1972 and sentenced to Leavenworth, but en route to prison escaped into the underground of LA. For the next dozen years they survived as soldiers of fortune, aiding those in trouble in the US or overseas, working with their former pilot, H M. Murdoch, who has been committed to a VA psycho ward and who must be broken out via confidence games hatched by Templeton Peck, and also dodging the determined pursuit of the Army, first led by the officer who was to escort them to prison, Colonel Lynch, then by the Army's best troubleshooter in Vietnam, Roderick Decker, an officer who got the job done irrespective of methods or cost and whose methods earned enmity from Hannibal Smith. After three years Decker was replaced by Harlan Fulbright, a General whose own lack of success earned him discharge from the Army but which also allowed him to later hire the team to help him find an Amerasian daughter he previously never knew he had. In 1986 a mysterious freelance intelligence operative, former General Hunt Stockwell, struck a deal with the government whereby he in effect kidnapped the A-Team for a final court martial and had them executed - a ruse for them to carry out covert missions in exchange for eventual pardon.
1608.	The A-Team (1983 TV Series)
Episode: Incident at Crystal Lake (1985)
Face was falling for a foxy girl in a 'broken down' sports car lure planted by MP Colonel Decker, but fortunately Hannibal spotted her in advance, and decides they need some quiet time- by Crystal Lake. Some thieves who found the union payroll armored car empty because of a strike but still get chased -in it- by the local sheriff. While Murdock concentrates on fishing, with a dummy as partner 'to get the bad luck', Face finds himself a lovely Park Ranger- whose post is taken by the fleeing robbers and tells them the best getaway vehicle is the teams van, actually having recognized them; only the bullet proof vest he wore as fishing gear saves him when shot by the one who came with her; meanwhile she escapes and joins the team. So Hannibal gets deliberately captured to join her father at the Rangers post and the crooks' goose gets cooked according the Hannibals planning recipe, but miss Ranger confesses the MPs are also on their way...
1609.	The A-Team (1983 TV Series)
Episode: Mexican Slayride (1983)
Amy Allen attempts to hire The A-Team, four soldiers-for-hire, to rescue her reporter friend Al Massey who has been captured by a Marijuana distributor and his gang of thugs. She doesn't fare too well at first. She gets the run-around from Murdock and Hannibal Smith until they determine that she's legit, then they accept the assignment. Unfortunately, money becomes an issue when Amy doesn't have time to raise the capital before the team departs, client in tow, for Mexico. The team improvises, however, which is something they always do best. Face manages to scam a jet and they're on their way.
1610.	The A-Team (1983 TV Series)
Episode: Beverly Hills Assault (1985)
When Paris-trained painter Steven "Speed" Miller disappears (actually he's beaten into hospital for refusing to work on command), his painting friend Peggy and her best friend who never used his uncles inheritance to go to an Ivy League college hire the A-Team to find him. By his style Peggy indicates as likely suspect Steffan Shawn's Beverly Hills gallery. It takes Face a jiffy to get a foot in as 'arts magazine critic'; he soon manages to plant a wire and makes the crook believe "H.M. Murdock" is the new talent he looks for- indeed he is soon seized and ordered to make perfect reproduction (Peggy does that for him) so his alarm company can switch them for the priceless real thing, notably in a villa BA of all people is set up in...
1611.	The A-Team (1983 TV Series)
Episode: Chopping Spree (1984)
Parking valet Davey, the brother of a white friend of B.A., hires the A-team because he's fired, falsely accused of one of the car thefts committed by an apparently professional gang. Murdocks therapeutic passion is minding a potted plant. Face has to delay a very rich contract with a Saudi prince and risk his Corvette as bait, and it gets worse: the man who seemed to steal Face's Corvette honestly took it for his own, the crooks take the team van (with Murdocks plant in it); Hannibal and B.A. fail to catch them in the Corvette. Davey suggests Tiney Roscoe might be in on the car parts trade; under pressure he indicated a used cars dealer, Sam Friendly, who has a whole staff but is preoccupied with a certain mobster Tony Victor's demand for one exact duplicate. Face becomes Sams best car salesman ever by far in a single day, so he learns half of the business is without papers. Hannibal plays Johnny B, a rock producer who wants a dozen limousines and one Porsche; the deposit allows Face to spy the safe combination, so he can read enough about the next secret cars transport, even if he must kiss Sams secretary & girlfriend Cindy, for which he is somewhat roughed up. 'Johhny B' insists to get his Porsche soon, or the deal is off, so Sam has a freshly stolen one prepared in a hurry, but the team forces him to show them his lumber yard; alas they get an unexpectedly well-armed welcome from Tony Victors men, who rush off in fake police cars and uniforms for a high-profile funeral... .
1612.	The A-Team (1983 TV Series)
Episode: Blood, Sweat, and Cheers (1985)
Kid Harmon is a fine young man and talented car racer, but when his competitor Kyle Ludwig, who gets almost unlimited funds from his uncle, Chicago gangster Carl Ludwig, hears his goons can't discourage the kid and his dad, Jack Harmon, he orders them to stop both physically. Once Kid is in hospital, his young wife Dana calls his uncle John, i.e. Hannibal Smith, who brings in the A-team. Face presents himself as the smart Western Hemisphere representative of an Italian first rate formula 1 sponsor, offering Kyle to buy himself in- the $1,000,000 is actually to replace Kids car trashed car. Then they make his goons blow up his own best car, and bring in Murdock as the Italian family's philandering heir Carlo, who only utters absurd Italian phrases. However uncle Jack, a wino who nearly lost his bride to Hannibal, and is fed up with his son admiring the Colonel, has called Decker and owes up a minute too late, so it's up to Murdock alone to save the day...
1613.	The 4400 (2004 TV Series)
Episode: Trial by Fire (2004)
A list with all the names of The 4400 and their current location has leaked out. The department of Homeland Security tries its best to stop the list from getting dispersed, but the damage is already done. A bomb is placed in the house of Richard and Lily and that's not the only one. All returnees are in danger and agents Tom Baldwin and Diana Skouris must find out who is behind the attacks. Self-proclaimed 4400's spokesman Jordan Collier has his own solution. He invites all of The 4400 to move to his housing complex, protected and closed off from the rest of the world. Meanwhile Baldwin's son seems to have quite a lot of trouble adjusting after he awakened from his coma. Dennis Ryland, Homeland Security director, has his own problem. Agent Warren Lytell comes over from Washington and he's got permission to practically take over the investigation of The 4400.
1614.	In the Heat of the Night (1988 TV Series)
Episode: Quick Fix (1990)
Fishing at the lake on his day off, Bubba Skinner discovers a newborn infant buried near the shore. The investigation turns toward the two Mastin girls, Kitty and Willa, as the baby was buried in a shoebox traced to their father George. Eighteen-year-old Willa is retarded and was thought to have been getting shots to prevent pregnancy, but fourteen-year-old Kitty stopped giving the shots because they were painful. The father of the infant turns out to be a neighbor, handyman Tucker Carnes. What is the best thing now for Willa and her family?
1615.	In the Heat of the Night (1988 TV Series)
Episode: Sweet, Sweet Blues (1991)
Blues man Ches Collins (Bobby Short) sings a song in his nightclub act that recounts the 1948 murder of Louis Sweet, Sgt. Wilson Sweet's (Geoffrey Thorne) grandfather. Neither Louis' body nor his brand-new Packard sedan was ever found. The only official witness to the crime, Delbert Mueller (Roy Lind), is at death's door but will not reveal any further details. The sheriff who took Mueller's original statement, Nathan Bedford (James Best), knows more than he will say, which frustrates Sgt. Sweet's quest for the truth.
1616.	In the Heat of the Night (1988 TV Series)
Episode: Grow Old Along with Me (1995)
Two hour episode. Ex-cop John Ryan marries wealthy widow Pauline Medford, with Sheriff Bill Gillespie as best man. Drunken Trina Mallin, one-time girlfriend of Ryan, almost breaks up the ceremony. She tries to extort $50,000 from him to keep quiet about a long ago incident. Trina's present lover and bankrupt lawyer, Tommy Harwood, wants her to leave Sparta with him, but she has other plans. John and Pauline set up Trina as a DUI driver, inadvertently causing a fatal accident. Trina is charged with vehicular manslaughter. Gillespie and Chief Hampton Forbes cooperate in the investigation.
1617.	O Brother, Where Art Thou? (2000)
Ullyses Everett McGill, sick of breaking rocks in the heat of a Mississippi summer, escapes with his two dim accomplices, Delmar and Pete. Trying to reclaim a buried treasure before its lost forever underneath a lake, the three make their way to Everett's homestead. Along the way, they meet a contriving one-eyed Bible salesman, a blind prophet, a trio of sexy sirens, and a man who sold his soul to the devil. In their race to reach the treasure before it's flooded, they end up crashing a Ku Klux Klan lynch mob, help a sensitive Baby Face Nelson rob three banks in two hours, and even have enough time to put out a best-selling record as The Soggy Bottom Boys.
1618.	Child 44 (2015)
The Ukranian orphan Leo is raised by a Russian family and becomes national hero during the World War II. In the 50's, Captain Leo Demidov, his best friend Alexei Andreyev and the coward Vasili Nikitin join the Ministry of State Security (MGB) during the political regime of Stalin and Leo marries Raisa Demidov. When Alexei's son is found murdered completely naked near the railway, the official explanation is that the boy was hit by a train since there is no murder in paradise since it is a capitalist disease. But Leo finds other similar cases and proceeds investigating, falling in disgrace with the Party. He loses his rank and is transferred with Raisa to Volsk to work with General Mikhail Nesterov . When a body of another boy is found near the railway in the same conditions of Alexei's son, Leo convinces Nesterov that there is a serial-killer and he agrees that Leo conducts a further investigation. Meanwhile the ambitious Vasili tries to persuade Raisa to leave Leo and move to Moscow to stay with him. What will happen to Leo and Raisa?
1619.	The Wonder Years (1988 TV Series)
An adult Kevin Arnold reminisces on his teenage years spent growing up during the late 60s and early 70s. As he goes from adolescence to adulthood, he experiences, along with his best friend Paul and sometimes-girlfriend Winnie, the full range of trials and traumas that come in just about everyone's life.
1620.	The Wonder Years (1988 TV Series)
Episode: Soccer (1991)
After being cut from the football team, Kevin finds out that McKinley High has a soccer team. He signs up for the team but soon realizes that most of the kids on the team are nerdy and un-athletic and the coach is a legendary former football coach whose best days have passed him by.
1621.	The Wonder Years (1988 TV Series)
Episode: Steady as She Goes (1989)
Kevin's continuing longing for Winnie has caused him to become frustrated with being alone. And it's not helping that his best friend, Paul, now has Carla. When Kevin reaches his breaking point, he ends up asking Becky Slater to go steady, even though it's just to make Winnie jealous.
1622.	The Wonder Years (1988 TV Series)
Episode: Moving (1990)
When Jack finds dry rot in the house, the mention of moving out gets Kevin worried. But after those worries a squashed, Jack lets it slip out that the Coopers are moving away instead. In order to secure their relationship, Kevin buys Winnie a ring, but Winnie decides that it's best to face the inevitable and just break up. Kevin decides to attend Karen's graduation from high school instead of watching Winnie leave.
1623.	The Loft (2014)
The architect Vincent Stevens; the psychiatrist Chris Vanowen; the real estate agents Luke Seacord and Marty Landry; and Chris' half-brother Philip Trauner are married and best friends. Vincent proposes his friends to share a wonderful penthouse loft in a brand new building designed by him to become their rendezvous instead of using their credit cards for love affairs and one night stands in hotels. When they discover the body of a beautiful woman cuffed on the bed in the loft, they have argument to find who is the responsible and secrets are disclosed affecting their friendship.
1624.	The Odd Couple (2015 TV Series)
Episode: Pilot (2015)
Oscar Madison is a guy who's been divorced for some time who lives by himself and is a slob. One day his best friend, Felix Unger shows up saying his wife just threw him out. Oscar takes him in and he has to deal with all his whining. And Felix cleans up his place and cramps his style when a girl comes over. Making him wonder if he made a mistake.
1625.	Transcendence (2014)
Dr. Will Caster (Johnny Depp) is the foremost researcher in the field of Artificial Intelligence, working to create a sentient machine that combines the collective intelligence of everything ever known with the full range of human emotions. His highly controversial experiments have made him famous, but they have also made him the prime target of anti-technology extremists who will do whatever it takes to stop him. However, in their attempt to destroy Will, they inadvertently become the catalyst for him to succeed-to be a participant in his own transcendence. For his wife Evelyn (Rebecca Hall) and best friend Max Waters (Paul Bettany), both fellow researchers, the question is not if they can...but if they should. Their worst fears are realized as Will's thirst for knowledge evolves into a seemingly omnipresent quest for power, to what end is unknown. The only thing that is becoming terrifyingly clear is there may be no way to stop him.
In New York, Dr. Will Caster is one of the three most brilliant scientists in the research of Artificial Intelligence. He works with his beloved wife and also scientist Evelyn Caster and his best friend is Dr. Max Waters. Dr. Caster is forced to go to a lecture to raise funds for their research but a group of anti-technology terrorists attack him and the two other authorities in the field of AI. Dr. Caster is poisoned and has only one month of life. When Will is near to death, Evelyn discusses with Max the possibility of transferring his emotions to the AI and they decide to try. They seem to be well succeeded, but they are attacked by the terrorists commanded by Bree that destroy the facility and Evelyn releases Dr. Caster's "soul" in the Internet to save him. Soon Dr. Caster controls the worldwide system and with his increasing knowledge, he changes human biology and the environment becoming an omnipresent power. But people are afraid of things they do not understand and Dr. Caster is considered a threat to the world that shall be destroyed.
1626.	Up for Love (2016)
Diane is a well-known lawyer, divorced for three years. She loses her mobile telephone and receives a call from the person who finds it. That person is Alexandre, a charming man and the perfect gentleman. They make a connection over the phone and agree to meet up the following day. But when Alexandre arrives, there's a surprise in store when Diane discovers he is only 4' 6" tall. From that moment on, Diane tries to overcome the prejudices of society and her own fears to experience the best time of her life...
1627.	This Is Where I Leave You (2014)
When their father passes away, four grown siblings, bruised and banged up by their respective adult lives, are forced to return to their childhood home and live under the same roof together for a week, along with their over-sharing mother and an assortment of spouses, exes and might-have-beens. Confronting their history and the frayed states of their relationships among the people who know and love them best, they ultimately reconnect in hysterical and emotionally affecting ways amid the chaos, humor, heartache and redemption that only families can provide-driving us insane even as they remind us of our truest, and often best, selves.
1628.	Keeping Up Appearances (1990 TV Series)
Episode: A Job for Richard (1993)
The local frozen food factory, owned by Mr. Millburn, is looking to hire a managing director with executive experience. Hyacinth decides it's right up Richard's street, but assumes if he merely applies for the job without impressing Mr. Millburn in some way beforehand, he'll likely get turned down. She therefore decides the golf course is the best place for them to impress Mr. Millburn and his cronies, and with Onslow's help stages a scenario to make Richard look really good in front of the factory owner when they meet him there. But will the ruse cause people's expectations of Richard to be TOO high?
1629.	Chinatown (1974)
JJ 'Jake' Gittes is a private detective who seems to specialize in matrimonial cases. He is hired by Evelyn Mulwray when she suspects her husband Hollis, builder of the city's water supply system, of having an affair. Gittes does what he does best and photographs him with a young girl but in the ensuing scandal, it seems he was hired by an impersonator and not the real Mrs. Mulwray. When Mr. Mulwray is found dead, Jake is plunged into a complex web of deceit involving murder, incest and municipal corruption all related to the city's water supply.
1630.	Idiocracy (2006)
The purpose of the program set up by the Pentagon, called the "Human Hibernation Project," is designed so that the military can save their best men for when they're needed most. According to the officers heading the project, too many times the talents and expensive training of the best pilots and soldiers go to waste during times of peace. So they enlist Bauers (Wilson), the most under-achieving average guy they've got, to be the test subject for the initial hibernation experiment. Also participating in the top-secret program is Rita (Rudolph), a prostitute who agreed to take part in exchange for dropping some criminal charges against her, among other things. Of course, the experiment, which was to last only a year, goes under due to the arrest of Officer Collins, who is busted for heading a prostitution ring. Seeing as though he was in charge of the experiment, one of the only ones who knew of its existence, and due to a lot of top-secret red tape... and the massive scandals and base closure that followed, Joe and Rita were forgotten about.
1631.	A Single Man (2009)
It's November 30, 1962. Native Brit George Falconer, an English professor at a Los Angeles area college, is finding it difficult to cope with life. Jim, his personal partner of sixteen years, died in a car accident eight months earlier when he was visiting with family. Jim's family were not going to tell George of the death or accident, let alone allow him to attend the funeral. This day, George has decided to get his affairs in order before he will commit suicide that evening. As he routinely and fastidiously prepares for the suicide and post suicide, George reminisces about his life with Jim. But George spends this day with various people, who see a man sadder than usual and who affect his own thoughts about what he is going to do. Those people include Carlos, a Spanish immigrant/aspiring actor/gigolo recently arrived in Los Angeles; Charley, his best friend who he knew from England, she who is a drama queen of a woman who romantically desires her best friend despite his sexual orientation; and Kenny Potter, one of his students, who seems to be curious about his professor beyond English class.
1632.	She's All That (1999)
High school favourite Zach Siler is dumped by his prom queen shoe-in girlfriend for some slimey TV soap star. On the rebound he takes a bet from his best friend that he can take up with mousey bespectacled Laney Boggs and get her voted prom queen instead. Great friend, impossible task. Though once Laney scraps her glasses, does her hair, and gets into decent rags, Zach finds himself taking rather a lot of notice of her.
1633.	Four Weddings and a Funeral (1994)
In Britain, slightly bumbling and always tardy Charles and his closest group of friends seem always to be attending weddings but are never the bride or groom, and as such, each, with the exception of gay couple Gareth and Matthew, is looking for love. At the wedding of their friends Angus and Laura where Charles is acting as best man, Charles meets an American woman named Carrie. For him, it's love at first sight. She too is attracted to him. Although they spend a memorable evening together, that's all it ends up being. Over three more successive weddings - some of the brides and grooms who are very near and dear to Charles' heart - and one unfortunate funeral, Charles runs into Carrie, but something always seems to prevent the two from getting together. He also runs into a plethora of old girlfriends, one of whom he may believe is really the one he was meant to end up with, especially if Carrie seems to remain unattainable. Will Charles settle for who in his heart is second best, or will fate finally bring Charles and Carrie together?
1634.	Run All Night (2015)
Professional Brooklyn hitman Jimmy Conlon is more commonly known as THE GRAVEDIGGER. Jimmy was a mob hit-man, who was best friends with his boss Sean Maguire. But when Jimmy's son, Michael, is marked for death by the mob, Jimmy must go up against Sean to protect Michael at all costs. Together, he and Michael must avoid corrupt cops, contract killers and the mob to survive the night.
1635.	Mr. Brooks (2007)
Earl Brooks is a well respected businessman in Portland, Oregon. Seemingly, the biggest issue in his life is the unexpected return of his spoiled daughter, Jane Brooks, from her freshman year in college, she who states she is dropping out but who he knows has another reason for her return. But the biggest issue in his life is that he is a serial killer, his targets always young couples in the act of making love. He is coined the Thumbprint Killer because he leaves thumbprints of the victims at the scene using their own blood. Earl knows he has a problem, the urge to kill a compulsion. He is constantly being egged on by a voice in his head he calls Marshall, the two who negotiate the murders. The only thing that he has been able to do to manage his "addiction" as he believes it to be is to attend AA meetings, which resulted in two years between his latest sets of murders. Detective Tracy Atwood is the lead police investigator, she who is going through her own problems. She, an heiress worth $60 million, is currently going through a messy divorce, her philandering husband who is demanding millions in the settlement. His and his lawyer's contention is that the settlement is for emotional distress due to her job, especially as Thorton Meeks, a violent criminal she put behind bars, has recently escaped, vowing revenge. As Tracy decides how to handle her divorce which could place her current cases in jeopardy, Earl has his own emerging problems. First, he is being blackmailed by a man calling himself Mr. Smith, who has photographic evidence of Earl being the Thumbprint Killer. And second, he eventually learns of the real reason why Jane returned home. These two issues, plus learning whatever he can about Tracy, lead to what he considers the best decision for his life, taking in part social good.
1636.	Ouija (2014)
After the death of her best friend Debbie that committed suicide, Laine brings her sister Sarah and convinces her friends Trevor, Isabelle and Pete (Douglas Smith) to perform a seance using a Ouija board. However they unleash evil spirits that threat them.
1637.	Logan's Run (1976)
In the 23rd century, the survivors of a holocaust now lives within a domed city that is sealed off from the outside world. In the domed city, men and women live in a society where you can only live until you are 30-years old (due to population control and limited resources), the people have two choices: They can either take part in a extermination ceremony called "Carousel" where they are promised a rebirth or they can go on the run and escape to outside the domed city. Logan 5 is a Sandman, a elite policeman whose job is terminate all "Runners" who refuse to be exterminated on Carousel and escape to outside the city. When Logan finds a symbol, the computer that controls all life in the city, gives Logan a undercover assignment to find and destroy a mysterious place called Sanctuary by posing as a runner, by removing the last four years of his life from his life crystal. Now on the run himself, and hunted by his partner and best friend Francis 7, Logan and a woman named Jessica 6 working for a underground resistance group that are helping all Runners search for Sanctuary escapes from the domed city and find themselves in a devastated Washington D.C, where Logan and Jessica discover another world and find there is much to live for and Logan begins to question the system.
1638.	The Suite Life of Zack and Cody (2005 TV Series)
Episode: Neither a Borrower Nor a Speller Bee (2006)
While Cody is preparing for the Boston Spelling Bee, Zack tries to borrow money from his mom for video games. When his mom won't give him money, he borrows from everyone else in the hotel. He finally borrows $30 at 20% interest from a rather large bully. He tells Zack to pay up, "or else." After Cody and the bully become the final two contestants, the bully offers Zack another out: get Cody to lose, "or else." Zack realizes that he should let Cody do his best. It turns out, however, that the "or else" isn't being beaten up- it's having his mom find out.
1639.	The Suite Life of Zack and Cody (2005 TV Series)
Episode: Commercial Breaks (2006)
When Wilfred Tipton decides to use the hotel lobby as a backdrop for a promo' commercial, all the employees (including the twins) are asked to audition. Though Carrie would be one of the best choices for the lead in the commercial, she is shot down by the director just because she had jilted him on a date years earlier. But Mr. Tipton--viewing the auditions on closed-circuit TV, overrides the director's decision and insists he gives Carrie the lead part. *Unlike most TSL episodes that have two plots, this is a one-act show, since virtually everyone in the cast is involved
1640.	Reba (2001 TV Series)
Episode: The Housewarming (2007)
After Cheyenne keeps complaining about the broken heater, Van tries to fix it by himself using a DIY-book and a butter knife. His attempt to fix it causes the heater to catch fire. Being afraid of not being able to handle life on their own, Van and Cheyenne want to move back in with Reba, but she wouldn't let them. Meanwhile, Reba tells Barbara Jean that her fixation on her career progress is just as selfish as Brock has been before. Brock also understands his prior selfishness and finally starts to support BJ in any way he can, even when he learns that BJ might have to move away to take a better job. Reba tells BJ that she is her best friend and BJ decides not to move away after all.
1641.	Dredd (2012)
In a dystopian future Earth, the area between New York and Boston has become a crime-ridden urban mass of 800 million people known as Mega City. Keeping the peace are combination policemen-judges who make the arrests, determine guilt and then execute the sentence. Judge Dredd is among the best at what he does and he is assigned a rookie, Cassandra Anderson, who did not meet the minimum requirements for the job but who has one talent most do not: she is a mutant with psychic abilities. They soon find themselves inside Peach Trees, a 200 story building that houses among many others Ma-Ma a gangster who produces the drug of choice in Mega City, slo-mo. Ma-Ma shuts the building down determined that Dredd and Anderson will never again see the light of day.
1642.	The Fighter (2010)
The film, The Fighter, is based on a true story about the struggles of younger brother, Micky Ward, trying to live up to older brother's boxing legacy. Dicky Eklund, Micky Ward's older brother, was a boxing champion who became famous for knocking out Sugar Ray Leonard in a heart pounding, 1978, boxing match, at which Dicky eventually. The movie depicts the events that transpired after Dicky Eklund's success in 1996. Now, Eklund is long gone from his glory days; though, many of his die-hard fans would rather not believe so, especially his mother, Alice Ward. He has transformed into a crack addict with felonies of distribution and consumption of drugs and prostitution. Dicky Eklund remains Micky's boxing trainer despite his unreliability. Alice Ward has responsibility of managing her son, Micky Ward's, current boxing career as he strives to create his own success. Her main concerns are keeping business within the family while spoiling and ignoring Dicky through his drug problems. After a family blowout, realization from Micky's girlfriend, Charlene Fleming, and repeated failures in the ring, Micky discovers that his family is not in his best interest as a boxer. He begins seeking management and training from other professionals. In the meantime, Dicky finally goes to jail after a street fight with the police. While on the road to recovery, Micky's boxing career is also going through a turning point as he defeats more and more opponents in the ring. After reconciliation with Micky, Charlene, and the rest of the family, Dicky becomes Micky's trainer again for his biggest fight so far in his career. Micky wins by a knockout in the eighth round to become champion of the world light welterweight boxing title.
1643.	New Tricks (2003 TV Series)
Episode: Things Can Only Get Better (2013)
Following the 1997 General Election Ben Ransley, a young researcher for successful MP Liz Jackson, was murdered and the case is reopened on the discovery of $40,000 in an off-shore account in his name. Ben's best friend, arrogant lobbyist Eddie Trenton, gives Sandra a photo of Ben with his girlfriend, who turns out to be Hana, the Bosnian wife of tycoon Peter Russell, and she also disappeared in 1997. French policeman and former war crimes prosecutor Max Clement comes to London and tracks down Hana, whose whole family was killed in the Bosnian war. Hana believes Ben, with whom she was set to elope, was killed by the man who got her to England and introduced her to Peter but Dan discovers that Ben was in a position to leak information about a government arms deal, which would have been injurious to certain people. This solves the case.
1644.	New Tricks (2003 TV Series)
Episode: A Face for Radio (2008)
The UCOS team investigates the death 10 years ago of popular disc jockey Johnny Deacon who died in a fire when the radio station was set alight. The police knew it was arson, but were never able to find enough evidence to charge anyone. Johnny was very opinionated on air and seemed to go out of his way to be offensive at time. He also had a number of female admirers, one of whom may have been stalking him. With Jack having virtually disappeared meanwhile, Sandra finds herself under pressure from DAC Strickland to start interviewing for his replacement. Despite their best efforts, Jack is nowhere to be found.
1645.	New Tricks (2003 TV Series)
Episode: The Queen's Speech (2014)
Over thirty years after school-girl Amy Taskerland died at an end of term disco a time capsule is unearthed, containing a tape where she expresses fear of Alec. Neither her father William or best friend Harriet can identify Alec though Amy's headmaster falls under suspicion as he was having an affair with Amy whilst dating teacher Carla O'Brien. Then Danny discovers that Amy appears to have been reciting a speech to be used by the queen in event of nuclear war which leads to the identity of Alec and in turn to who killed Amy. Gerry meanwhile has a surprise on his future son-in-law's stag night whilst Strickland springs an even bigger surprise and Danny successfully plays Cupid for Sasha.
1646.	New Tricks (2003 TV Series)
Episode: Coming Out Ball (2010)
Det. Supt. Pullman and her team investigate the 1983 kidnapping of Barbara Linden-Warner, daughter of the now deceased businessman Kenneth Linden-Warner. The kidnapping was supposed to have been the work of the Irish Republican Front but a member of the group, Fintan MacEntee, now claims in a recently published book that they had nothing to do with and were only seeking publicity. A ransom was paid - her brother, Richard is the one who delivered it - but Barbara was never returned and is presumed dead. They re-interview her ex-boyfriend Gregory Hampton who had proposed to her the night she disappeared but she turned him down. They were at a party at the time and some of the guests had heard them shouting. Hampton is now married to Barbara's best mate Amy Coulthard, though she doesn't immediately reveal that friendship to the police. The solution to the mystery lies with a closely held secret, now known only to Miss Jones, former secretary to Kenneth Linden-Warner. Meanwhile, Sandra struggles to decide if she should attend an upcoming school reunion.
1647.	New Tricks (2003 TV Series)
Episode: Gloves Off (2010)
UCOS re-opens the investigation into the 1999 shooting death of the then up and coming boxer Eddie Mayfair. He was found dead in the gym a week after his last fight which he had won handily. They've now identified the murder weapon - it was recovered in a recent case - but need to trace it to whoever owned it at that time. Mayfair's family was convinced that his last opponent, Milton Joseph, was responsible but he had an alibi. He was shot at point blank range suggesting he may have known his killer. Eddie's ex-girlfriend Eve and his best mate Danny Branston are now married. Most of the principals are caught out lying but it's Esther Lane that gives them the direction to go in - the fight was fixed and Eddie was supposed to lose. It turns out some people lost a lot of money.
1648.	Perry Mason (1957 TV Series)
Episode: The Case of the Lawful Lazarus (1963)
Trevor Harris returns to Los Angeles after a lengthy absence and decides to visit his wife only to find that she is seriously ill in the hospital. He also finds that two years before, she had him declared legally dead. He had left 10 years ago and had never been in contact, not even to send birthday messages to his two young children. After his wife dies, he asks Perry Mason to intervene in the custody of his children. He doesn't want custody for himself but feels Jill Garson would be the best candidate. The children are set to inherit $150 million and Harris' interference does't sit well with Edgar Thorne who manages their huge business empire. During a family meeting Harris explains his wishes but Thorne tells him that he has convincing proof that Harris embezzled $50,000 from the company in a white envelope in his safe. Later, after being told how to steal the envelope, Harris is seen leaving the house. When Thorne is murdered at that time, Harris is charged and Perry defends him.
1649.	Perry Mason (1957 TV Series)
Episode: The Case of the Ugly Duckling (1964)
Prospective heiress Alice Trilling has very low self-esteem, seeing herself as ugly and unable to live up to her late father's expectations. Her father's perverse will requires her to marry before her next birthday or the family company, Trilling Toys, will be sold off. The business is being run by her uncle, Harry Trilling, who's been doing his best to get her to settle down but to no avail. Alice's emotions are best summed up by the the Angie doll, the company's best selling product which was created for Alice but exemplified a level of perfection she could never hope to achieve. Talbot Sparr is the company executive who actually made the doll and feels Harry Trilling is unsuitable to head the company, having blocked many of his ideas for new products. When Alice learns that Uncle Harry paid her new boyfriend to romance her, she confronts him. When Harry Trilling is found dead, Alice is arrested and Perry Mason defends her.
1650.	Perry Mason (1957 TV Series)
Episode: The Case of the Red Riding Boots (1960)
Ranch owner Burt Farwell and Rita Conover are getting married soon, which prompts Jill Farwell, Burt's ex-wife, to consult Perry Mason about the welfare of their daughter Ann, who is away at a private boarding school. Joe Dixon, the ranch foreman, is also concerned about Ann. Unknown to Burt, Rita and ranch hand Rennie Foster seem to be an item. Perry calls Burt to discuss Ann's emotional health. Insecure in her own future, Rita urges Burt to fly with her to Las Vegas to be married immediately. At school, Ann has problems related to her parents and gives a new pair of red cowboy boots, a gift from her mother, to her best friend, Kathy Jergens. Joe has a flat on the road and in opening the trunk to change the tire he discovers Rita's body. A police officer stops to ask him about a recent car wreck, sees Rita's body and takes Joe into custody. Perry defends Joe in a case where there are more than enough suspects to go around.
1651.	Perry Mason (1957 TV Series)
Episode: The Case of the Injured Innocent (1961)
Race car driver Vincent Danielli crashes a new race car on purpose and is now faking paralysis. His plan is to get rid of his lover Kate Eastman's husband Walter. The mechanics can find no reason for the car crash and Walter Eastman has financed much of the work on the new type of rotary engine developed by Dr. Moody they are testing based on advice from his brother-in-law Kirby Evans. Walter approaches Perry Mason to terminate his relationship with the project although it has the potential to be a major financial success and doesn't hold back his dislike of Danielli. When Kate realizes murder is part of Danielli's plan, she does her best to save her husband. When Danielli is found dead however, it's Walter Eastman who is charged with murder as he has no alibi and the evidence seems solid against him. It's left to Perry Mason to identify the real killer.
1652.	Perry Mason (1957 TV Series)
Episode: The Case of the Velvet Claws (1963)
Eva Belter seeks Perry Mason's assistance when she learns that someone has photographed her leaving an illegal gambling club with well-known politician Harrison Burke. She's not using her real name and wants Perry to deal with Spicy Bits magazine who she fears will publish the photos. Perry sees through her ruse and agrees to represent her. He has his own reasons for disliking Spicy Bits - a client of his committed suicide a year ago after they ran a story on him - but even he is shocked when he learns that Eva is married to George Belter, who secretly owns the magazine. Eva is something of a flirt and certainly does her best to work her charms on Perry, much to Della Street's annoyance. When George Belter is found dead, Perry works to identify the killer, realizing that it may be his client.
1653.	Perry Mason (1957 TV Series)
Episode: The Case of the Wayward Wife (1960)
Arthur Poe, Ben Sutton and Harry Wilson were comrades in a North Korean prison camp in the Korean War. Poe, Sutton and Wilson escaped, thinking Poe was killed during the escape, but he survived and spent several years in POW camps. Returning home, Poe finds that Sutton had stolen his war diary and published it as a best seller. Poe presses Sutton for money, but the writer is broke from paying blackmail. Gilbert Ames or his wife Marian ran over Alan Kirby's wife, leaving her permanently paralyzed. The Ameses have paid thousands of dollars to the Kirbys, mostly extorted from Ben Sutton. Sylvia Sutton, Ben's wife, contacts Perry Mason about dealing with blackmail. Marian tells Sylvia that Gilbert has killed Ben with a fireplace poker, at which Sylvia runs home and finds her husband dead, and the room a shambles. She dashes out of the house, runs into Poe and flees. Sylvia is arrested later and calls on Perry to defend her.
1654.	Perry Mason (1957 TV Series)
Episode: The Case of the Prankish Professor (1963)
Professor Ronald Hewes teaches English at Euclid College and an exercise in observation, has someone he's hired burst into his creative class and shoot him with a gun loaded with blanks. The students are quickly calmed but when he returns to his office, the fake gunmen tells him that had he fired a second shot, he would most certainly would have been killed as someone had put in a clip with live bullets. He's separated from his wife Laura who is supposed to be out of town. Hewes is accused by Sally Sheldon of having stolen the manuscript for his best selling novel from her dead sister who died from a sleeping pill overdose after learning she was pregnant. In fact Sally wrote the story for her dead sister which describes the decadent life on a college campus. Hewes learns Laura is staying with friends Dr. Curtis and Esther Metcalfe so they agree to meet at the Metcalfe home. When her husband is found dead, she is charged with his murder and Perry, whom Ronald had previously contacted to meet with them, agrees to defend her.
1655.	Perry Mason (1957 TV Series)
Episode: The Case of the Brazen Bequest (1961)
The new president of Euclid College, Dr. Charles Cromwell, is doing his best to ensure that a major donor to the college isn't offended in any way. James Vardon is going to receive an honorary degree at the upcoming commencement exercises and has promised the college a donation of $1 million. As a result, Cromwell is walking on egg shells and pretty well letting Vardon's assistant Robert Haskell, walk all over him. Cromwell is shocked when a woman arrives at he college in a taxi looking for someone named Curly. She is literally falling down drunk and the taxi whisks her away. She's soon in the hospital and it's revealed that Cromwell is the old friend she is looking for. He had met her long ago and she has left him a small bequest in her will. He visits Perry Mason worried that the will may become public and the impact it would have if Vardon or his assistant should ever hear about it. When Haskell is found dead however, Cromwell is charged with murder.
1656.	Perry Mason (1957 TV Series)
Episode: The Case of the Posthumous Painter (1961)
Jack Culross is an artist who decides that the best way to increase the value of his work is to fake his own death. His art dealer and partner in the scheme, Austin Durrant, arranges to buy what bits and pieces are left in his studio from the man's 'widow', Edna as she is moving to her home in Panama. When several months later she hears about her husbands paintings up for sale, she returns with her brother to find a painting hanging in Durrant's gallery of what was at the time of her husband's death an incomplete painting, she assumes fraud and consults Perry Mason. Perry and David Gideon check out the painting which has been sold with a thermocouple which confirms it was finished after Jack's suicide. The case becomes one of murder when Jack Culross' body is discovered after he has called Edna and the fake suicide is revealed. Edna is charged with murder and Perry defends her.
1657.	The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants (2005)
The movie is based on the young adult book, The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants, by Anne Brashares. As four best friends spend their first summer apart from one another, they share a magical pair of jeans. Despite being of various shapes and sizes, each one of them fits perfectly into the pants. To keep in touch they pass these pants to each other as well as the adventures they are going through while apart.
Tibby Tomko-Rollins, Lena Kaligaris, Carmen Lowell and Bridget Vreeland have been best friends since childhood. In the beginning of their summer vacations, they find a pair of jeans that fits each one of them perfectly; they decide to share the pants as a magic symbol of their friendship and form a sisterhood with a manifesto of ten rules. Bridget travels to a soccer camp in Mexico and she has a crush on the coach Eric, who is older than her. Lena visits her family in Greece and has a crush on the local fisherman Kostas and finds that there is a feud between their families. Carmen travels to South Caroline to spend the vacation with her father and she finds that he will marry the divorced Lydia Rodman. Tibby stays in town working in a department store to raise money to buy new equipment for her documentary and is befriended by the twelve year old Bailey that is very ill. After their vacations, they grow-up and their friendship remains solid as never.
1658.	Top Gear (2002 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #20.2 (2013)
Jeremy Clarkson tests the 730 horsepower Ferrari F12 in the wide open spaces of Scotland, Richard Hammond searches for the world's best taxi, and James May pays tribute to BBC Television Centre using a motorcyclist and a pair of Parkour runners. Meanwhile, the extraordinary BAC Mono is put to the test on the track and movie director Ron Howard is the star in the brand new Reasonably Priced Car.
1659.	Top Gear (2002 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #6.11 (2005)
Richard test the new Vauxhall Monaro VXR. James attempt to recreate the Top Gear theme song by using the engine noises from various cars. The winner of The Best Driving Song is announced. Jeremy tests the Ford F-150 SVT Lightning pick-up truck. Richard travels to Spain to test the Lamborghini Murcielago Roadster.
1660.	Top Gear (2002 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #5.7 (2004)
Jeremy tests the new Toyota Prius. Richard tests the new Ford Mustang. Richard and James have an argument on which is the best roadster, the Porsche Boxster or the the Mercedes-Benz SLK. Jeremy tests the new Mitsubishi Evo VIII FQ-400 and attempts to see if the Evo can keep up with the Lamborghini Murcielago around the Top Gear test track. Top Gear Awards 2004.
1661.	Top Gear (2002 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #6.2 (2005)
Jeremy reviews Maserati's latest super-car, the MC12. The team are challenged to buy 2-door coupes that are not Porsches for under $1500, so James buys a Jaguar XJS, Richard a BMW 635 CSi and Jeremy a Mitsubishi Starion turbo, and they put them through a series of tests to see who got the best deal. Comedian Jack Dee is the Star In A Reasonably Priced Car.
1662.	Top Gear (2002 TV Series)
Episode: 50 Years of Bond Cars (2012)
qv##nm1414369## pays tribute to 50 years of Bond cars. And our show is, of course, anything but straightforward. Alongside the qv##tt0058150## DB5, the most iconic Bond car ever has to be the white underwater Esprit from qv##tt0076752##. So, after a few drinks, the crew decided that the best birthday present Top Gear could possibly give would be a working amphibious Lotus, designed using Top Gear Engineering... Elsewhere Richard takes a back seat, and gives the floor to some of the amazing characters who have brought Bond's car moments to life over the past half-century. There are appearances from qv##nm0357891## (director of Goldfinger, qv##tt0066995##, qv##tt0070328## and _The Man with the Golden Gun (1974_), while qv##nm0000549## joins us to tell tales of the fish inside the Lotus Esprit. qv##nm0185819## - in breaks from filming qv##tt1074638## - also talks about driving with The Stig and reveals his favourite Bond car.
1663.	Top Gear (2002 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.3 (2002)
The team discuss the best looking car of all time and consult some top car designers in the process. Some grannies are challenged to do donuts in a Honda S2000. A Westfield XTR2 takes on a Pagani Zonda in a lap around the test track. Ross Kemp is the Star In A Reasonably Priced Car.
1664.	Top Gear (2002 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #2.9 (2003)
The future is this week's theme. Jeremy finds a novel way to drive the new Vauxhall Signum while still enjoying its best features. James travels to Germany to test the General Motors Hywire concept car. Jeremy and Richard take a look at the part-car, part-motorcycle Vandenbrink Carver. Patrick Stewart makes it so when he is the Star In A Reasonably Priced Car.
1665.	Top Gear (2002 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #16.7 (2011)
Compilation show featuring the boys taking a Rolls Royce Ghost, Mercedes-Benz S65 AMG and "Bentley Mulsanne" to Albania to see which would be best for the local mafia; Jeremy tests the Skoda Yeti and John Bishop in the reasonably priced car.
1666.	Top Gear (2002 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #22.1 (2015)
In the first installment of the new series, Richard, Jeremy, James and The Stig have a race through st Petersburg in a Renault, on a bike, a hovercraft and public transport to see what's the best mode of transport. Richard drives the new Lamborghini Huracan and Ed Sheeran is in the reasonbly priced car.
1667.	Top Gear (2002 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #8.7 (2006)
Richard and James test the Ford S-MAX, Mercedes-Benz B-Class and Vauxhall Zafira VXR in their search for the best people mover. Jeremy test drives the Lamborghini Gallardo Spyder. James races two French Parkour acrobats across Liverpool in a Peugeot 207 1.6 litre diesel. The team are challenged to build a Caterham Seven kit car in the time it takes The Stig to drive one from Caterham, Surrey to the Knockhill racing circuit in Scotland, but a last minute twist changes the result.
1668.	Top Gear (2002 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.8 (2002)
Jeremy test drives the Maserati 3200GT, which The Stig takes on a lap of the test track. Richard checks out the Ford Fiesta, Citroen C3, Honda Jazz, Nissan Micra and MG ZR in his search for the best super-mini. Some white van men drive a Ford World Rally Transit van around the track. The team challenge Lotus to modify a Lada Riva into a track car. Michael Gambon is the Star In A Reasonably Priced Car.
1669.	Top Gear (2002 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #5.9 (2004)
James tests the new BMW 1-Series. Richard tests the new Mercedes-Benz G55 AMG. Jeremy and Richard have an argument to see which is the best hot hatchback, the Ford Fiesta ST 150 or the Citroen C2 VTS. Jeremy and James investigates whether cars that are made from the Pacific Rim (Korea, Malaysia etc.) are any good. Jeremy tests the Ariel Atom.
1670.	Top Gear (2002 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.10 (2002)
The team compare the Toyota LandCruiser, BMW X5, Jeep Grand Cherokee and Range Rover to see which is the best off-road vehicle. Jeremy finds out if the Lotus Esprit has aged, nearly 25 years after it was first produced. The fastest Star In A Reasonably Priced Car is announced, along with some other awards, as the team look back on the motoring year. Four more people of different religions take a Subaru Impreza WRX STI for a lap of the test track in the conclusion to the search for the world's fastest faith.
1671.	Top Gear (2002 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #3.3 (2003)
Jeremy takes the Bentley Continental GT on a grand tour. James drives around an estate in an estate when he finds out why the Subaru Legacy Outback is a perfect aristocrat's car. Jeremy swans around in a Saab 95. Comedian Rob Brydon has his best friend Steve Coogan in his sights when he is the Star In A Reasonably Priced Car.
1672.	Top Gear (2002 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #3.7 (2003)
Jeremy tests the off-road abilities of the Porsche Cayenne turbo. Richard goes to South Africa to review the Mercedes McLaren SLR. Jeremy tests the MG XPower SV, and bumps his head on its interior. Three professors are challenged to find out who can do the best burn-out. In a search for the best British car, Jeremy drives a Noble M12, Richard a Morgan Plus 8, and James a Rover 75 around the test track. Britain takes on Germany in a battle of sports cars. Rory Bremner is the Star In A Reasonably Priced Car.
1673.	Top Gear (2002 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #14.1 (2009)
The boys went to Romania to find the best driving road in 3 new convertible supercars. Jeremy chooses the Aston Martin DBS Volante, Richard chooses the Ferrari California and James chooses the Lamborghini Gallardo LP560-4 Spyder. James road tests 2 of the most powerful luxury cars from BMW and Mercedes-Benz, the BMW 760Li and the Mercedes-Benz S63 AMG. Eric Bana is the Star In A Reasonably Price Car.
1674.	Top Gear (2002 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #16.4 (2011)
The boys are tasked with buying cheap second hand convertibles to see which is best, but all end up buying BMW 325i convertibles so have to come up with different tests; Jeremy pays tribute to the "final" Pagani Zonda and Simon Pegg and Nick Frost are in the reasonably priced car.
1675.	Top Gear (2002 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #7.3 (2005)
The boys are having a road trip to the famous Milau Viaduct bridge in France in supercars of their choice (Jeremy in his own Ford GT, Richard a Pagani Zonda and James in a Ferrari F430 Spyder). In the news segment, the boys announce their Emmy win for Best Non-scripted Entertainment category. Jeremy reviews the Ford Focus ST.
1676.	Top Gear (2002 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #15.8 (2010)
Compilation show featuring Tom Cruise and Cameron Diaz in the reasonably priced car, Rubens Barrichello in the old reasonably priced car, James' trip to the Icelandic volcano in a Toyota Hilux and the boys try to find the best four door supercars.
1677.	Top Gear (2002 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #10.1 (2007)
Jeremy, Richard and James take a Lamborghini Gallardo Superleggera, a Porsche 911 GT3 RS and an Aston Martin V8 Vantage N24 to mainland Europe in search of the world's best driving road. Jeremy drives the Volkswagen Golf GTi W12 concept car. Dame Helen Mirren is the Star In A Reasonably Priced Car, and she explains the concept of public transport.
1678.	The Bold and the Beautiful (1987 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.7377 (2016)
Steffy asks why Eric is hesitating in throwing Quinn out. Quinn says that she just wants her job back, but Eric explains that this is not an option. Quinn leaves, but returns to the CEO office once Steffy has left. She then tells Eric that she wanted to celebrate his return as head of the company. Eric now realizes that Steffy doesn't want Quinn in her life at all, but Quinn responds that she is aware that their little fling could end any time. They decide to make the best out of the situation and kiss. Feeling badly that she is the cause of Zende not fulfilling his passion of fashion photography, Nicole tells him that she trusts him. Nicole then informs Sasha that Zende will once again shoot her. Liam reiterates to his brother how Quinn will ultimately be the downfall of his and Steffy's marriage. Wyatt assures Liam that Quinn is abiding by Steffy's wish and staying away from her. Later, Liam, Steffy and Wyatt discuss the upcoming Spencer Summit.
1679.	The Bold and the Beautiful (1987 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.5444 (2008)
Rick gathers Brooke, Donna, Katie, Marcus and Steffy into his office. All of them are disconcerted by Rick's evident attempt to draw a battle line separating them from anyone on Ridge's side. Steffy is the most upset: Ridge is her father. Later, Rick gets a devious idea: his revenge against Ridge would be complete if he seduced Steffy. Meanwhile, Eric does his best to convince Ridge to return to Forrester; but Ridge refuses. Later, Brooke shows up and asks Ridge to move back in that night; Rick, she says, is moving out. In Eric's office, Stephanie, Felicia and Thorne discuss the latest events. Stephanie and Felicia are shocked to see Owen walk in and appalled that Eric has rehired him. Does that mean Eric has forgiven Donna, Stephanie wonders? Thorne knows the full story: Eric brought in Owen as a test of Donna's loyalty. No one - certainly not Donna and Owen - knows there's a hidden camera in Owen's new office. No one, that is, except Thorne and Eric.
1680.	The Bold and the Beautiful (1987 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.6103 (2011)
Eric, asked to be Ridge's best man, accepts only after a long talk about the two sides of being father and son, from pride and confidence at young age to rivalry and disinterest into adulthood. Thomas puts his case for not living a lies to Stephanie, who questions the sanity of wrecking his parents' happiness and dismisses Dayzee as not even family, then takes both to Taylor's bridal shower with games, which they give an ironic twist.
1681.	The Bold and the Beautiful (1987 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.6107 (2011)
As the speculating wedding guests' impatience rises in the guest house, Eric comes inquire about the delay but is sent back without answers. Thomas endures tirades from both parents but can barely get a word in as Stepahnie tries to take their defense by stressing Brooke is no loss and remarriage always was the best option. Admitting Thomas's shares motivation makes it all even worse. Ridge hesitates and gets Taylor's assurance that it's his call, so he goes see Brooke.
1682.	The Bold and the Beautiful (1987 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.5416 (2008)
Brooke tries to persuade Taylor to do what's right and give up Rick. Taylor is outraged by Brooke's interference in yet another of her relationships. But then the psychiatrist commits a Freudian slip: she blurts out that she'd like Brooke to give back "her husband," meaning Ridge. Meanwhile, at Brooke's house, Eric quarrels with Donna over her sudden refusal to reconcile with him. He removes his wedding band. Then Donna removes hers. Little does Eric know that Pam is waiting behind the curtains with a gun. Eric leaves, confused and unhappy, and returns to the Forrester mansion. Stephanie does her best to console him. At Forrester Creations, Steffy talks to Ridge about his feelings for Taylor. There's nothing Steffy would like better than to see her mom and dad reconcile.
1683.	The Bold and the Beautiful (1987 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.896 (1990)
Macy and Thorne decide to get married in the next few days. An overjoyed Sally tricks Clarke into designing a wedding gown for Macy although he is extremely reluctant to further a Forrester wedding. Thorne asks Ridge who's still grieving over Caroline to be his best man. In Madison, Wisconsin Jake and Margo continue to have a talk with Helen as their father Ben arrives. Jake is shocked when a teary-eyed Ben is overcome with happiness that his presumed dead son has finally come home.
1684.	The Bold and the Beautiful (1987 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.5397 (2008)
Donna tries to visit Eric; but the Forresters have hired a guard, and the guard drags her off. She tries to call, but Stephanie hangs up on her. Meanwhile, the family tells Eric that Pam was behind his heart attack and subsequent coma. They don't tell him that Donna prevented Ridge from pulling the plug on Eric's life support; and they certainly don't try to put a positive spin on what he saw in the guest room: Owen and Donna kissing. Brooke calls Ridge on Donna's behalf; but Ridge tells her it's best that Donna stay away. In fact, even she, Brooke, should not visit, at least not for a few days. Later, Stephanie visits Donna and tells her to stay the hell away. At Taylor's home, the baby is still inconsolable. Rick suggests soliciting advice from Nick; but Taylor adamantly refuses. She lost custody of Jack once; she doesn't want to risk losing him again by letting Nick know that she's not bonding well with him.
1685.	The Bold and the Beautiful (1987 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.735 (1990)
Sally tries to get more in shape. She states to Darla that she wants to do it for herself - and not just for Clarke. Caroline pays her former best friend Brooke a visit in the lab. She tells Brooke that Thorne suspects Eric is seeing another woman and he thinks it is Beth. Brooke rejects that idea. Thorne asks Donna bluntly if Brooke is seeing Eric. Macy is surprised that Sally is sincerely sad about the impending end of Eric and Stephanie's marriage. Macy thanks her mother for pushing her towards Thorne as they have grown a lot closer in recent days. Eric discusses divorce proceedings with his lawyer. Charles is surprised that Eric does not care about the details and is willing to give Stephanie more than half of the estate that she would be entitled to by law. Eric stuns his lawyer that he wants to remarry very soon.
1686.	The Bold and the Beautiful (1987 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.4959 (2006)
Taylor wonders why Nick's Seattle memories never extend beyond the happy poor period, before he broke with generous captain Jerry Kramer. Ridge agrees to be Thorne's best man. Jaqueline seems desperate to put the episode out of her mind, even from Taylor's side. Nick starts remembering a traumatic incident.
1687.	The Bold and the Beautiful (1987 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.5450 (2008)
Donna is devastated that Eric has suddenly decided to end their marriage. Brooke and Katie do their best to comfort her. But Donna is determined to find out what changed between the morning and now. Stephanie visits Eric's office to graciously admit defeat, but Eric tells her he is coming back to her. Ridge, Thorne and Felicia soon walk in. And now the family is reunited. But Stephanie knows that Thorne had something to do with Eric's surprising decision. And Eric is still mulling over Donna.
1688.	The Bold and the Beautiful (1987 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.7333 (2016)
Sasha tries her best to keep Zende's attention on her, but he can't help but think about Nicole and excuses himself under the pretense that he is needed at work. Sasha returns to the mansion just as Caroline comes down with Douglas and raves about motherhood. At the hospital, Nicole expresses how grateful she is for Rick, Maya, and Vivienne's support, yet she can't help thinking about Zende. As Nicole gives birth, one last doctor slips in, wearing a mask and standing in the back - it's Zende! Everyone is overjoyed when a healthy baby girl is delivered. Maya takes the baby, sits next to Nicole on the bed and introduces the newborn to Auntie Nicole. Eric and Brooke receive the happy new via phone and marvel at being grandparents at their age.
1689.	The Bold and the Beautiful (1987 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.5307 (2008)
Nick helps Katie come to terms with Storm's last will. At the wedding, Stephen beams triumphantly at the 'Logan take-over'. Brooke cockily rejects Stephanie's claim Eric won't commit to Donna, but begs him not to stand up her sister, who asks the minister not invite objectors to step forward. Best man Rick waves Ridge's objections to him having brought Taylor as second-hand date. Pam barely controls her urge to spoil the ceremony. Among many memories, the vows start.
1690.	The Bold and the Beautiful (1987 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.7309 (2016)
Steffy gets a shaky Liam settled on the sofa. When Bill and Katie arrive, Steffy heads for the beach house. She becomes angry when she learns that Wyatt kept the security camera footage that linked Quinn to Liam's disappearance from her. Wyatt begs his wife not to let her anger towards Quinn have an effect on their marriage. Steffy has a concerned look on her face, unsure what to do next. Zende explains to Maya that he didn't pursue Sasha, it just kind of happened. Sasha, who is sad about her strained relationship with her best friend, urges Nicole to be happy for Zende and her. Later, Zende tells Nicole that he is not in love with Sasha as his heart still belongs to someone else.
1691.	The Bold and the Beautiful (1987 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.6828 (2014)
Bill refuses Quinn's leather-clad advances, reminding her that he is engaged to Brooke. Meanwhile, Ridge believes he knows what is best for Brooke and takes her ring, informing her that she will not marry Bill. Alluding to Bill's engagement to Brooke, Wyatt tells Hope that Spencer/Logan-love combinations are just the right blend. Ridge arrives at Spencer Publications triumphantly handing Brooke's ring to his nemesis. Bill sees right though it and accuses Ridge of toying with Katie while secretly being in love with Brooke. Fed up with Ridge's arrogance, Bill orders the designer to leave. Ridge takes a swing at Bill, but misses. Bill punches Ridge, who jumps Bill and slams him on the desk. As the two men struggle, Brooke enters and calls out for them to stop!
1692.	The Bold and the Beautiful (1987 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.7287 (2016)
Liam gets frustrated by his inability to remember. Quinn shows him the photo albums Deacon came up with, but this - naturally - does not trigger any memories, either. Stressing how grateful she is to share this space and time with him, Quinn tells "Adam" to relax. She thinks they should simply create new memories and forget about the past altogether... They kiss. Steffy gets some fatherly advice and comfort from Ridge about Liam. Ridge and Caroline realize they cannot keep Thomas any longer from meeting the baby. When Thomas mentions that he is going to be the best big brother, Ridge and Caroline exchange concerned looks.
1693.	The Bold and the Beautiful (1987 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.5460 (2008)
Stephanie blames Rick for Phoebe's death and Brooke for making Rick the man he is. She can't prosecute Brooke, but she can do her best to put Brooke's son behind bars. She tries to convince Ridge to go to the police. Steffy calls Ridge on his cellphone and tells him that Taylor needs him. Ridge leaves. Brooke and Stephanie are alone. Stephanie tells Brooke that Rick had better stay away from the next day's funeral. Or else. Elsewhere, Rick pours out his heart to Bridget. He says he lost himself after Taylor left him; he became someone he didn't recognize. And now, he declares, he will make amends. Later, Bridget goes to see Phoebe's body at the morgue.
1694.	The Bold and the Beautiful (1987 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.5345 (2008)
Brooke and Stephen find Beth at Brooke's home, talking to Hope. Brooke does her best to convince Beth to stay... Katie tells Nick and Bridget why Beth has been acting the way she has... Ridge tells Phoebe how worried he is about Steffy: why didn't she tell him Marcus and Donna's secret instead of keeping it to herself?... Steffy puts her hand over Marcus's heart and notices that it's racing.
1695.	The Bold and the Beautiful (1987 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.700 (1990)
Caroline is dismayed when she spots the new portrait of Margo above the fireplace in her father's apartment. Bill agrees to attend her wedding, though. Margo has high hopes to be Caroline's maid of honor, but Caroline prefers to give this position to her assistant Valerie instead. Donna and Macy make peace about their mutual interest in Mick as they both lost out. They then gush about the new man in both of their lives, not realizing they are both dating the same man yet again: Thorne. Eric makes it clear to Ridge that he expects him to make a bold move to reunite the family. Ridge asks Thorne to be his best man as told. Thorne accepts, but obviously not out of love but to spite his brother for stealing his wife...
1696.	The Bold and the Beautiful (1987 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.7295 (2016)
Ridge takes Caroline out to dinner. Caroline is anxious to get back home to Douglas as mother and son are separated for the first time. While Ridge is handling the check, a man shows up on his table: it's Dr. Wolin, Ridge's doctor, who observes that his former patient can by no means be the biological father of his new son! Thomas finds Maya and Rick as they search Ridge's desk for dirt that will expose him as a fraud. Charlie is checking the security footage of the Forrester Creations parking lot on Rick's orders when he makes an unexpected discovery: he sees Liam arguing with Quinn and falling to the ground... A glum Zende tells Sasha that he told Nicole about them. She seduces Zende to get his mind off of Nicole. Nicole tells her shocked parents that she lost Zende to her best friend. Vivienne hugs her daughter while Julius has a stern look.
1697.	The Bold and the Beautiful (1987 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.6150 (2011)
Nick insists to his reluctant mother and Owen that Spencer's offer is their best option. Stephanie turns to Brooke again, having failed to reconcile Taylor, who laughs at a 'psychic' homeless man's prediction that she'll meet 'the man', although the theatrical storm conforms to the vision.
1698.	The Bold and the Beautiful (1987 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.5468 (2008)
Eric and Brooke discuss Rick and agree that he should stay in Los Angeles, not be exiled to Paris. Later, Brooke does her best to convince Ridge of the same thing. At the beach house, Steffy pays Rick a visit. He expects hatred from her, but gets forgiveness. And more. Meanwhile, Donna, dressed in her sexiest lingerie, waits for Eric. But who should knock on her door but the one person she never wanted to see again. Elsewhere, Eric and Stephanie quarrel briefly about Rick before Eric changes the subject to Thorne. Thorne, Eric explains, tricked him into believing Donna had been unfaithful to him. But now he knows the truth and he is going back to Donna.
1699.	The Bold and the Beautiful (1987 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.535 (1989)
Ridge asks Thorne to be his best man. He also warns his brother that Caroline might still harbor feelings for him. Meanwhile a heartbroken Caroline rereads Ridge's letter. Stephanie and Eric remember how they first met Brooke. She promises Eric to be fair to Brooke even though she hates her. Later at a wedding dress fitting, Brooke tells Eric Beth will not be coming to the wedding. He is disappointed.
1700.	The Bold and the Beautiful (1987 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.6370 (2012)
While the wedding is officiated, best man Thomas confides on in Caroline, who sensed his and the groom's tension, about the accident. In hospital, LAPD lieutenant detective Bradley Baker informs Anthony that he has been run over and Marcus must be the culprit, resulting in a bitter plea to 'lock him up'.
1701.	The Bold and the Beautiful (1987 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.7243 (2016)
Nicole feels like she let Zende down by walking out on his test shoot, but Rick and Maya try to reassure her. After being skeptical at first, Rick is very impressed by Zende's latest photos from the shoot with Sasha. Zende and Sasha smile at each other while Nicole looks concerned. At Sydney Airport, Ivy thinks it's typical of Steffy to jump to conclusions. Liam realizes that Steffy misunderstood his words assuming her ran off with Ivy and therefore books the next flight home. Ivy professes one last time her love to Liam and he wishes her nothing but the best as well. At the cliff house, Wyatt tells Steffy there has to be some explanation why Liam is in Australia. Steffy is too angry though and turns off her phone. Over wine, Steffy and Wyatt commiserate. Still feeling a bit feeble, Liam boards the plane to L.A. and introduces himself to his seatmate who is trying to read.
1702.	The Bold and the Beautiful (1987 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.6437 (2012)
Katie recalls Taylor's diagnosis that she is afraid to bond with Will out of fear she might die. Katie realizes the best is for her to never bond with Will in the first place as her fate is inevitable... Bill and Brooke try to reason with the depressed Katie. Taylor meets with Dr. Meade to discuss Katie's condition. Stephanie and Eric realize the party to celebrate her life would not be complete without Sally Spectra as she was such an important part of her lives. Stephanie decides to call Sally who is lounging at a pool in St. Tropez where none other than Fabio picks up the phone. Stephanie realizes she does not want to burden Sally and asks him to give her her best wishes.
1703.	The Bold and the Beautiful (1987 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.5351 (2008)
At the Forrester home, the family gets together to have a pool party celebrating the next day's wedding between Nick and Bridget. Donna gives a speech thanking the family for putting aside their differences to celebrate this wedding. Pam crashes the party and causes her usual mischief. Marcus is unhappy when Owen Knight shows up. Brooke takes Nick aside and asks him if he's really committed to Bridget--or if he has unresolved feelings for Katie. Katie gives a speech offering her best wishes to the couple--but it's clear she's not completely happy about the upcoming marriage... Felicia goes to visit Stephanie at the beach house and finds her lying in bed with the lights off in the middle of the afternoon.
1704.	The Bold and the Beautiful (1987 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.4989 (2007)
Brooke had a surprise waiting for her as she entered the room where her son, Rick, was lifting weights. While he was doing so, he was singing beautifully, something that Brooke was more than pleased to hear. He didn't want her to tell anybody of his talent, and also told her that he would not sing for her engagement party to Ridge, because he would have a smile painted on his face and that was the best that he could do. Ridge talked to his mother about the new Forrester Originals. Stephanie was pleased to hear about all the family being on board and supporting them. Ridge mentioned that they were having some difficulty with Rick, because he was blaming Ridge for what happened between his mother and Nick. Thorne and Taylor had to throw in the towel to their relationship because Alexandria was not yet able to accept what happened between Taylor and the accident that killed the child's mother. Knowing that Thorne had to put his daughter first, she reluctantly agreed that they had to do what was best for the child. Nick continued to meet and greet more distributors in the hopes of cornering the fashion market. He had Jackie set up an appointment with a representative of the Asian market to help him achieve his goal. Nick put the spotlight on Stephanie and then asked her how it felt. He ended the conversation with her by saying that he was going to get her, for what she had done, as Stephanie laughed.
1705.	The Bold and the Beautiful (1987 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.5379 (2008)
Donna tells Owen about her life with Eric up until his heart attack. Rick, wearing nothing but a towel, and doing his best imitation of qv##nm0919321##'s Tarzan yell, comes out of the bathroom to see Steffy talking with Taylor. Marcus tells Brooke his suspicions about Owen and then a horrible thought enters his mind. Earl the caretaker warns Pam about the bears getting into the Forrester cabin.
1706.	The Bold and the Beautiful (1987 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.5098 (2007)
While Brooke is dozed off by the road, RJ and Hope call 911, being alone too long as Donna absconded. The police arrives and calls Stefanie, who eagerly welcomes child protection. Brooke reeks after alcohol, spilled by her flirtatious non-date. Stefanie still agrees the children best remain at home, but considers 'protecting' them by seeing someone steps in if Brooke lets anything happen to them. Constantine speculates Phoebe's friend Madison may be Rick's one-night-stand.
1707.	The Bold and the Beautiful (1987 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.5461 (2008)
A memorial for Phoebe is held at Taylor's home, and Phoebe's friends and family pay their last respects. Taylor does her best to bear up to the challenge of saying goodbye to her beloved daughter. Then Rick shows up. Ridge is furious; he nearly starts a fight with Rick. Brooke convinces her son to leave. Afterward, Stephanie has a few things to say about Rick, the man she blames for her granddaughter's death. Meanwhile, Thorne is dismayed when Grace, the woman he had hired to impersonate Donna, returns to Forrester asking for a job as a real Forrester model. Thorne tells her to get lost. Owen, curious about Thorne's behavior and about her striking resemblance to Donna, strikes up a conversation with her.
1708.	The Bold and the Beautiful (1987 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.757 (1990)
Sally badgers Clarke to quickly tell everybody about their engagement and his new role at Spectra Fashion. Clarke decides he must leave Forrester Creations but thinks it's best if he leaves out the part that he is "Beau Rivage". Sally agrees but is slightly taken aback when Clarke asks for more time before setting up a wedding date. Macy and Donna are at odds as they both hope for a future with Thorne. Macy is certain that Donna is deluding herself because Thorne loves only her. Eric is still upset about Brooke and finds solace with Stephanie. Later, Stephanie informs Ridge that there are positive signs that her marriage could survive after all. Ridge asks Thorne to find out about the status of the other woman in Eric's life. Thorne goes to see Donna begging her to tell him where Brooke is and whether she and Eric have really ended their relationship.
1709.	The Bold and the Beautiful (1987 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.7248 (2016)
Bill agrees with Brooke that they must move forwards as friends, and nothing more. Still completely ignorant of Bill and Brooke's reigniting mutual attraction for each another, Katie thinks it was the perfect choice for Brooke to come work at Spencer Publications. Nicole's insecurity gets the best of her as she asks Rick to not make Sasha Forrester Creation's latest model. Later in the sky lounge, Nicole, Carter and Veronica praise Zende for staying with Nicole throughout her pregnancy. A giddy Sasha thanks Rick for the unexpected chance to shine as model. She is crushed when Rick informs her that he won't hire her after all. Nicole feels bad when Rick tells her how Sasha reacted to his news. Unfortunately, Sasha listens in on this conversation and therefore learns that her best friend turned against her.
1710.	The Bold and the Beautiful (1987 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.6369 (2012)
Feeling guilty, Marcus considers staying at Anthony's hospital bed, but best man Thomas duly prods him to silently wait for diagnosis without spoiling his bride's big day. So they join the wedding party, which is reminiscing about past and future Foorester weddings. LAPD detective Baker meanwhile works out Marcus has been phoning only seconds before reporting the accident and decides to come arrest him.
1711.	The Bold and the Beautiful (1987 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.5409 (2008)
After her breakup with Nick, Bridget finds consolation from her mother, Brooke. Later, Ridge and Brooke discuss Brooke's new role in baby Jack's life. After the discussion, he shows Brooke his little wedding outfits for Hope, R.J. and Jack, who will be maid of honor, best man and ring bearer, respectively. Then he gives Brooke her unusual engagement ring. She is thrilled. At the Forrester mansion, Dr. Patrick approves Eric's wish to return to work. After he's gone, Eric calls Donna, asking her to come over. Later, Thorne and Felicia beg Stephanie to stop Donna as she goes up the stairs; but Stephanie knows there's nothing she can do. Donna again tries to explain things to Eric, but Eric says he doesn't need an explanation. He's already come to a decision. At Nick's place, Katie allows Ridge's words about Nick and Brooke to prey on her mind.
1712.	The Bold and the Beautiful (1987 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.6105 (2011)
Liam proves a gifted big brother figure, to Hope's delighted, for R.J., who still isn't told that ridge is re-marrying Taylor. Best man Thomas feels ever worse while Ridge praises his family and values like honesty as his latest marriage's solid foundation. Brooke refuses to attend and, as Hope suggests, compromise the nuptials. When the celebrant asks who objects, Stephanie surprisingly speaks up.
1713.	The Bold and the Beautiful (1987 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.7403 (2016)
Eric firmly puts his foot down when Ridge attempts to dictate who is allowed to live in his home and be in his life. Quinn is deeply touched, but openly voices her concerns whether Eric is making the right decision. Considering who he feels is best for his sister, Thomas declares his allegiance to Liam in the battle for Steffy's heart. As Wyatt feels his relationship quickly falling apart, he asks Steffy for another chance to rid their lives of Quinn. Steffy wants to believe he can make his mother disappear, but the past makes it impossible for her to actually do so. Despite Wyatt begging for one last chance to fix things, Steffy tearfully bids him goodbye and leaves.
1714.	The Bold and the Beautiful (1987 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.710 (1990)
Eric informs Clarke he wants to take him and Kristen out for dinner. When Clarke tries to explain that he and Kristen are not exactly on best terms, Eric tells Clarke to patch things up with his wife. Clarke then asks Kristen who reluctantly accepts. Thorne is happy to see Felicia, but she does not reveal the real reason for her long time away to him either. Sally continues to orchestrate Betty Burns for her plan to have Macy and Thorne grow closer. Macy is suspicious when the idea of the fundraiser is finally presented to her. Donna tells a shocked Thorne about Stephanie's plot to break up Eric and Beth.
1715.	The Bold and the Beautiful (1987 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.4817 (2006)
Stephen tries to convince Taylor his plan is her best revenge, but she just wants the inconsiderate Foresters out of her life for good. So he suggests she sells the 2% stock to him. Brooke tells Nick she has finally decided to put them first and refute Stephanie's offer. A warm welcome at Forester Creations makes Brooke hesitate, then Stephen calls Nick - he has the 2% key.
1716.	The Bold and the Beautiful (1987 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.6345 (2012)
Father Fontana wonders where the bride is, Liam where his father and best man went. Hvaing heard about the venue switch, Bill arranged last-minute for Deacon to stop startled, delighted Hope at the hotel just before the limousine arrives. Steffy has already bailed out as bridesmaid, Ridge offered to give the bride away after all.
1717.	The Bold and the Beautiful (1987 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.5234 (2008)
Brooke tries to persuade Taylor that she is not a threat to her marriage. Later, Brooke tells Nick that Taylor saw her text message to him and confronted her about it. Nick is dismayed, but Brooke tells him that all turned out for the best. Taylor seemed to accept Brooke's reassurances. Meanwhile, Jackie's remarks to Taylor do anything but reassure her. Jackie insists that Taylor will never be able to accept baby Jack because of its biological link to Brooke. Though Jackie won't come out and say it, Taylor knows she would prefer that Nick was with Brooke. Later, Taylor begins to hallucinate that Brooke is in her house with her.
1718.	The Bold and the Beautiful (1987 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.6037 (2011)
Despite Liam's best efforts to convince Hope that Amber just stole a meaningless kiss from him, Hope gives him a passionate goodbye kiss and goes cry on Oliver's shoulder, convinced paternal duty wins out. Carl turns up to demand payment, but for now accepts the champagne and chocolates meant for the double date celebration. Spy Steffy alerts Bill that Kate finds suspiciously intense comfort with Nick on the yacht.
1719.	The Bold and the Beautiful (1987 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.6337 (2012)
Liam is pleasantly surprised by Katie's news that he's going to get a half-sibling. Liam is so relieved when Bill accepts 'proudly' to be his best man that he fails to notice the phrasing, which amounts to a sneaky 'if ever', i.e. not with Hope. Ridge is impressed by Steffy's 'mature' acceptance of Liam's choice, Stephanie can't resist passing by Liam to remind him he still doesn't have to marry Hope 'while loving Steffy'.
1720.	The Bold and the Beautiful (1987 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.755 (1990)
It's the night of the benefit concert event at Cafe Russe: Clarke who functions as host of the evening is trading barbs with Bill as Sally and Saul are panicky when a nervous Darla loses her voice seconds before her big moment. On stage however, Darla delivers a fantastic Marilyn Monroe-performance singing "Diamonds Are a Girl's Best Friend". The next is Eric who is almost as dismayed as Stephanie who sits with Ridge and Felicia in the audience when Sally joins him for a duet. To close the night, Thorne and Macy sing "What's Forever For" which leads a heartbroken Donna to realize that Macy's new beau is Thorne. After being served divorce papers from Kristen Clarke realized it's all or nothing now in regards to Sally's proposal!
1721.	The Bold and the Beautiful (1987 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.5244 (2008)
Nick tells Brooke that he still loves her, but she is relieved when he adds that he is still committed to his marriage with Taylor. But then he appalls her by stating his intention to tell Taylor how he feels about Brooke. Meanwhile, Brooke is the subject of Taylor's hallucination. The Brooke in her mind taunts her over the fact that she stole Ridge from her and declares that she'll steal Nick and her baby as well. Dr. Warwick does his best to help Taylor through her mental crisis. Elsewhere, Rick confides in his sister, Bridget, about his concerns for Taylor's well-being. Bridget, for her part, is worried that her friendship with Taylor is forever ruined, thanks to her mistake in the lab that caused Brooke's egg to be implanted in Taylor's womb, resulting in baby Jack, the son of both Brooke and Taylor.
1722.	The Bold and the Beautiful (1987 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.6451 (2012)
Taylor gives professional advice to Bill regarding Katie but also warns Brooke to not become too close to Bill. When Taylor brings up her past history with other married men, Brooke slaps Taylor! Unable to get over her own troubles, Hope tries her best to be happy for Rick when he tells her that he is in love with Caroline. Caught up in the moment of excitement over the new collection, Thomas makes an unwanted pass at Caroline.
1723.	The Bold and the Beautiful (1987 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.5436 (2008)
As the conversation between Taylor and Stephanie progresses, Taylor expresses guilt feelings over how certain things are turning out. Yes, she is happy that Ridge is practically being pushed into her lap; but she doesn't like that it's Rick doing the pushing. After all, Rick's animosity toward Ridge, and his desire to break up Ridge and Brooke, were given new fuel when Taylor ended her engagement to Rick. Stephanie reminds Taylor that Rick and Ridge have never gotten along, and that Ridge and Brooke's relationship was bound to implode over something. Meanwhile, after making love, Ridge and Brooke talk about Rick. Ridge pays Rick a visit but finds that Eric is already in Rick's room, reassuring his younger son that he is not second best. Ridge is angry to see Rick manipulating Eric; and then Eric drops a bomb. Rick is now co-president of Forrester Creations.
1724.	The Bold and the Beautiful (1987 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.6210 (2011)
Preparing for an Originals show, Thomas, Eric, Ridge, Rick and Oliver congratulate themselves and the whole Forrester team with what may be their best collection ever. Owen decides against questioning Jaqueline about her collection, which he sense to be tainted with Sepctra's brush. Nick lets Donna twist his arm to play truant and take her out on the yacht for a harbor tour. As if mistaking Jaqueline and Nick's evasive responses for a promise of a job for life, Pam goes cold Stephanie for sabotaging her wedding and hints she may not stay around long.
1725.	The Bold and the Beautiful (1987 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.7250 (2016)
Zende is still stunned by what Sasha told him the day before. Sasha correctly assumes that her best friend felt insecure due to her pregnancy. Nicole is caught off-guard when Zende and Sasha confront her about her conversation with Rick. She realizes that her actions were unfounded and unfair and promises to get Sasha the modeling job. Quinn is thrilled to hear that Wyatt and Steffy have gotten a lot closer with Liam being missing in action. Shocked to find him packing his stuff at Forrester Creations, Steffy tries to change Liam's mind. When Wyatt walks in, Liam is even more tight-lipped than before. Steffy assumes that Liam is leaving her for Ivy which makes him even angrier. Liam still does not reveal that the source for his anger is the presumed tryst of Steffy and Wyatt he saw the other day.
1726.	The Bold and the Beautiful (1987 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.5452 (2008)
Phoebe stops by Forrester. She peaks into Rick's office and sees him hitting on a model. The scene repels her. Next, she visits her granddad and grandmom, Eric and Stephanie. She let's them know she is unhappy that Rick has taken over the presidency from her dad, Ridge. Eric believes he made the right decision; but Stephanie agrees with Phoebe. Later, at Taylor's house, Phoebe and her sister, Steffy, spend time together. Steffy reveals that Rick kissed her. Meanwhile, Brooke asks Stephanie to attend the wedding. Ridge, in an effort to bury the hatchet with Rick, asks him to be his best man.
1727.	The Bold and the Beautiful (1987 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.6212 (2011)
The Forrester team is waiting for press and other guests to arrive after Jackie M's show, confident to present their best collection ever, a first close cooperation between designers Eric and Ridge. Nick and Jackie triumph meanwhile, only Bridget realizes yet their collection consists of Forrester knockoffs. Ridge and Brooke are dragged out of the sauna when the news reaches Forrester, Stephanie storms into Jaqui's office to slap the 'new Spectra'.
1728.	The Bold and the Beautiful (1987 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.3392 (2000)
It's the day of Morgan's debut fashion show at Forrester Creations. As Eric and Ridge are busy doing last fittings, Rick agrees to be Thorne's best man when he marries Brooke. Brooke however doesn't succeed because Bridget declines her support. Kimberly pleads with Thorne not to ignore their burgeoning feelings for each other. She pulls Thorne into a kiss as Bridget pulls the curtain so that the audience can witness this act of passion at the end of the runway!
1729.	The Bold and the Beautiful (1987 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.7303 (2016)
Brooke catches Katie hiding another flask of Vodka in the kitchen of her home. Katie plays on Brooke's guilt and her recent promise to keep her from revealing anything to Bill. Wyatt and Steffy begin their honeymoon at the beach house and they bask in newlywed bliss. Liam's constant questioning causes a harsh reaction in Quinn which catches Liam off guard. Quinn apologizes, claiming that she is only having "Adam"'s best interest at heart. She encourages him to start over fresh as they have never been happier together.
1730.	The Bold and the Beautiful (1987 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.6363 (2012)
Thomas enjoys being asked as Marcus's best man after his bride already blindly picked his design. Athough Ridge and Steffy make Brooke realize the downsides of forcing Liam to tell Hope the truth, she insists, hoping the newly weds' love will survive. Liam tries t tell Hope at the wedding line launch preparations.
1731.	The Bold and the Beautiful (1987 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.703 (1990)
Caroline thanks Valerie for her support in setting up the wedding. Macy catches Sally and Darla plotting ways to sneak into the Forrester wedding. Sally manages to convince Macy to join her to get close to Thorne again. Stephanie and Eric ask a reluctant Kristen to bring Clarke to wedding as they want to see the family united. Ridge and Thorne get into it again. Thorne tells Ridge he no longer wants to be best man and says he will not come to the wedding. Felicia calls her parents and informs them that she probably won't make it back to Los Angeles in time. Stephanie is hurt.
1732.	The Bold and the Beautiful (1987 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.7372 (2016)
Pam notices Eric in a particular chipper mood. Quinn pays an unannounced visit to Forrester Creations claiming she wants to have her old job back. Pam and Charlie think that Quinn is insane to think Eric will listen to her plea. Behind closed doors, Quinn reveals her new lingerie which does not miss its effect on Eric. He reminds Quinn that no one can know about their affair, before they kiss and head for the sofa... At the Beach House, Liam vents to Steffy and Wyatt about his hypocritical father, but this does not change anything for Steffy. Bill feels the storm coming for him and therefore tells Alison to take care of Will. A bitter Katie gives Bill the riot act and informs him that after he turned his back on his family she intends to give him exactly that: she wants to raise Will without his father, similar to what Liam's and Wyatt's mothers considered as the best way for their children. Katie goes to check on Will but finds his bedroom empty. Bill calmly tells her that their marriage might be over, but he is not giving up on his son - and most importantly not giving him to an unstable mother. He encourages a freaked out Katie to seek therapy and get better, but until then he wants to take care of their child!
1733.	The Bold and the Beautiful (1987 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.5446 (2008)
Owen declares his love to Donna and then locks his door, telling her that they can do whatever they want without Eric finding out. Meanwhile, Eric and Thorne watch them via a hidden camera. At Brooke's house, Ridge and Brooke discuss their troubles with Rick, who is determined to drive them apart. Brooke tells him that Rick's position as president has satisfied Rick's need to best Ridge at something. Meanwhile, Rick's attempt to seduce Ridge's daughter, Steffy, ends with Steffy slapping his face and stalking out of the room. But Rick declares to himself that he likes a challenge.
1734.	The Bold and the Beautiful (1987 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.5435 (2008)
Rick is getting a lot of attention from everyone, and he's taking full advantage of it. He has his mother's attention. He tells Brooke he always felt like second-best because of Ridge. Does she want her younger children to grow up feeling the same way? He has his father's attention. He tells Eric that Ridge cannot be trusted to run the company. Here's why: Ridge pulled the plug on Eric's respirator while he was in a coma. Eric did not know this, and it cuts him to the quick. Meanwhile, Taylor visits Stephanie. Taylor delivers the good news that Ridge spent the day with her and the kids; and then he stayed overnight in the guest room.
1735.	The Bold and the Beautiful (1987 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.6146 (2011)
Aboard the private jet to Paris, the Forresters discuss how different Hope's lie, for which new designs are presented, is from Steffy's provocative underwear. Bill sends Liam to cover it, forcing him to think more of the siren. Nick tells his team that an unsavory partnership with Bill is their fashion house's best chance to survive.
1736.	The Bold and the Beautiful (1987 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.4884 (2006)
Ridge makes Brooke admit she can't reject him and object to him having another playmate, even Donna, who is invited to Rich Ginger's live national TV talk-show. Hector refuses Stefanie's offer to pay for revalidation in the country's best clinic, in Minnesota, claiming she wants Taylor for Thorne. In fact he asks Taylor to tell Donna together he's giving up the search for her killer.
1737.	The Bold and the Beautiful (1987 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.6466 (2012)
Bill is stunned when he by accident foils Caroline's attempt to reveal the Aspen scheme to Liam. He angrily accuses Caroline of being a traitor but she stands her ground. In her video message from the grave Stephanie explains that the new CEO will be the person best qualified to lead Forrester Creations into the future. She then adds that it was wrong and unethical to manipulate Thomas with her stock, granting him control of the company, so she's decided the best thing for the company is to give her shares to Eric instead! Thomas is furious whereas Brooke congratulates Eric on his return to power. Brooke, Rick and Hope all offer Eric their support. Thomas questions if he has a place at the company. To end the bickering, Eric proposes a fashion challenge to choose who he'll mentor. Steffy calls it "Team Brooke against team Taylor."
1738.	The Bold and the Beautiful (1987 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.2478 (1997)
Claudia realizes Thorne is in love with Taylor and not her. Claudia angrily confronts Stephanie that she used her as chess figure to come between Thorne and Taylor. Stephanie urges Claudia to make a move on Thorne while he's vulnerable because this will turn out for the best eventually. Ridge gives Taylor a bracelet.
1739.	The Bold and the Beautiful (1987 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.7376 (2016)
Steffy is amused when Eric takes a selfie in the CEO chair to send his new lady friend. She wonders if her grandfather will ever remarry, but Eric tells her that this will never happen. Deacon warns Quinn about the consequences she could face by dating Eric as Steffy's stand on her has not changed at all. Quinn counters that the only thing that matters is that Eric brings out the best in her - and this seems to be mutual. Liam finds himself in an awkward position when Bill gives him the assignment to attend the Spencer Summit in Monte Carlo together with Wyatt and the company's new media persona, Steffy. Pam is at her desk fielding phone calls when "Vladimir Smirnoff" arrives to see the new boss of Forrester Creations. The suit-and-hat clad visitor with a thick beard and an accent is actually Quinn! Her genius plan backfires though because Steffy is still in the office and sees right through Quinn's disguise. Eric returns just as Steffy shouts that Quinn must stay away from her family for good!
1740.	The Bold and the Beautiful (1987 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.7315 (2016)
Ridge, Caroline, Thomas, Eric, Pam, Charlie, Rick, Maya and Zende throw a welcome back party for Liam at Forrester Creations. Bill explains to Eric how Quinn kidnapped Liam thinking she would increase Wyatt's chances with Steffy. Wyatt and Steffy are also in attendance trying to make the best out of the situation. Ridge and Caroline fear that Rick is snooping around in their personal affairs. Brooke braces herself for the worst when Katie catches her before the party and asks for a private conversation. Katie apologizes for overreacting the other day, though. Brooke again promises her sister that she will not come between her and Bill. Later, Katie is shocked to learn that Dr. Wolin is dead. Wyatt urges Liam to respect his marriage to Steffy, but Liam won't make this promise to his brother.
1741.	The Bold and the Beautiful (1987 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.5047 (2007)
Shane's lost cellphone ringing in his office nearly makes Ridge betray himself to the police, but Stefanie helps him pretending it's her own. And suggests to Ashley some time off with Ridge, say in Catalina. Nick and Taylor are lucky: their favorite sperm donor is already available, even Taylor's cycle is in sync to start IVF soon. Rick congratulates Nick but declines to be his best man, because of Brooke, but she tells him to accept.
1742.	The Bold and the Beautiful (1987 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.529 (1989)
Sally tries to win over Kristen, telling her that despite the past Spectra Fashion is now underway to become a legitimate fashion house offering Clarke the unique possibility to become a household name. Kristen only wants what is best for Clarke and is torn after listening to Sally's plea. Caroline is upset about Ridge and Brooke setting a date, but Thorne is thrilled. When Stephanie realizes her skepticism, Caroline graciously offers to join the celebrations - if there is an engagement. At the Private Dining Room, Brooke tells Ridge she will not marry him if he is still attached to Caroline. Will Ridge be able to convince Brooke of his devotion to her?
1743.	The Bold and the Beautiful (1987 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.6376 (2012)
Liam can barely believe that Hope bluntly ignores his explanation, even his request to be forgiven for a monumental but honest mistake, she claims there's a pattern of him blaming her. Stating she still loves him, she even moves out, unable to trust him anymore. Best man Thomas stands by Marcus when the Baker police detectives arrest him for reckless driving and smugly say it's too late to consult a judge on bail. Steffy spells out to Brooke that her own insistence on 'honesty' wrecked Liam's marriage, not his ex.
1744.	The Bold and the Beautiful (1987 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.5360 (2008)
Donna tells Ridge that Eric changed his mind about giving the company over to him and Brooke. Ridge insists that he should be running the company and that it's what Eric would want... Marcus speaks to an unconscious Eric, telling his stepfather what he means to him... Steffy is distressed over her grandfather's illness. Marcus consoles her with a kiss... Stephanie visits Eric, wondering if she's about to lose the love of her life. Thorne does his best to console her.
1745.	The Bold and the Beautiful (1987 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.5627 (2009)
On Bill Spencer's private jet, Jarrett Maxwell bribes the three judges for the fashion contest between Jackie M and Forrester Creations. Nick does his best to calm the nerves of Bridget, who is worried about the contest. Bill surprises Katie with dinner at his office, but he doesn't tell her about his plot to buy Forrester.
1746.	The Bold and the Beautiful (1987 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.5493 (2009)
Stephanie confronts Rick over his relationship with Steffy. With a mixture of ridicule, threats, pleas, accusations, appeals to his better instincts, and even a reminder that she once loved him as a child, Stephanie does her best to persuade Rick to give up Steffy. Meanwhile, Steffy spends time with Ridge in his office. She keeps her romance with Rick a secret, but admits that she does not blame Rick for what happened to Phoebe. She tries to persuade her father to forgive him, too. But even though Brooke (Rick's mother) is present, Ridge tells her that forgiving Rick is impossible.
1747.	The Bold and the Beautiful (1987 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.5601 (2009)
Thorne and Felicia tell Ridge they are leaving the company. Then Eric informs him that Brooke is leaving, too. Eric declares that Forrester can't afford to lose anybody and begs Ridge to convince Brooke to stay. Ridge does his best, but both he and Brooke know that with the end of their marriage, working together will be impossible. Meanwhile: Stephanie tries to convince Taylor that she needs to cast aside all doubts concerning Ridge. Taylor wants to take things slow, but Stephanie advises that Taylor should seduce Ridge into her bed post-haste.
1748.	The Bold and the Beautiful (1987 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.7369 (2016)
Katie's insecurities get the best of her when she gives Bill an opportunity to explain what she overheard. Katie cannot understand why Bill keeps lying to her - even if he claims he is doing it for her sake. Therefore, in an unobserved moment Katie quickly grabs a drink before heading out to the beach... Thomas encourages Caroline to go public about Douglas' paternity, but she wants to talk about it another time. At Forrester Creations, Liam still presses Brooke to tell Katie the truth about her affair with Bill. Brooke is unsure what to do next. While Steffy, Wyatt and Bill notice that Katie has disappeared, Katie shows up at the Cliff House and asks a stunned Liam for help.
1749.	The Bold and the Beautiful (1987 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.7402 (2016)
Liam warns Wyatt that Steffy will never accept Quinn with Eric. Wyatt says that he tried to tell his mom that, but she didn't exactly listen. At the Forrester Mansion, Steffy assures a doubtful Quinn that she will leave Wyatt if Quinn moves in with or pursues Eric. Quinn says that she does not want to hurt Wyatt, but she doesn't want to hurt Eric, either - and she won't. Brooke and Ridge worry about Quinn's impact on Eric's life. Just as a sullen Quinn tells Eric of the ultimatums she was given by both Wyatt and Steffy respectively, Ridge arrives and is equally opposed that Quinn is moving into his parent's home. Following their rather awkward kiss, Thomas and Sasha share some ice cream. Wyatt must realize that Steffy already knows about Quinn and Eric. Because of the irreparable damage that Quinn has had on their marriage, Wyatt makes his best effort not to lose Steffy.
1750.	The Bold and the Beautiful (1987 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.7299 (2016)
Bill confides in Brooke that he is not sure if Katie really stopped drinking. Katie hides her flask of Vodka when Brooke stops by at the house. Despite claims to the contrary, Brooke realizes that Katie is indeed still drinking. Katie begs Brooke not to tell Bill. Ridge and Thomas debate about Thomas' latest design. Steffy arrives and asks Caroline to be her maid of honor as Taylor won't make it to the wedding. Wyatt stuns Bill with the news of the sudden wedding and makes his father his best man. Quinn avoids answering any of "Adam"'s questions about their wedding. Liam begins to hide evidence of his sleuthing when he becomes suspicious of Quinn.
1751.	The Bold and the Beautiful (1987 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.5470 (2008)
Eric has two surprising announcements to make in the morning meeting, one personal and one business. The personal announcement: he and Stephanie are splitting up. Ridge, Thorne and Felicia are shocked and upset; but Stephanie and Eric declare that it is for the best. The two of them are simply incompatible, they claim, while finishing each other's sentences. The business announcement: Eric has made Ridge CEO of the company, effective immediately. Eric himself will continue on as chairman of the board. Later, Eric joins Owen and Donna downstairs to see how the rehearsal for the showing of the new surf line is going. By strange chance, the crochet bikini that Pam gave to Donna as a gift has wound up on Grace (the model whom Thorne hired to impersonate Donna). Donna is appalled when Eric declares that it's brilliant. He wants the bikini to be the show-stopper. And he wants Donna to model it. Meanwhile, Rick and Steffy meet backstage and can't resist a passionate kiss.
1752.	The Bold and the Beautiful (1987 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.5259 (2008)
Taylor is outraged when she gets a summons to appear in court. Nick has called for an emergency hearing to take away custody of baby Jack. Rick does his best to comfort her. Meanwhile, Taylor blames Rick's mother: "I know exactly who's responsible for this. It's the same person who's responsible for everything I've ever lost in my life. It's Brooke". Felicia tells her Ridge her plans for the anniversary party -- and to get their father to stay with Stephanie.
1753.	The Bold and the Beautiful (1987 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.6405 (2012)
Ridge and Brooke arrive at the Forrester Mansion debating which one of their previous weddings was the best. Stephanie quips that this wedding is going to be best as she is charge for the first time. Across the room, Thomas and Rick watch Steffy with Liam; Rick thinks those two belong together and suggests that Hope is better off now, but Thomas points out that Hope still loves Liam. Later, Steffy gives Brooke her blessing and the 7th wedding ceremony for Ridge and Brooke begins.
1754.	The Bold and the Beautiful (1987 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.6436 (2012)
Bill and Broke hope they finally got trough to Katie when she accepts to put Will to bed. In fact she's taking goodbye, convinced the kid is better not knowing her, as she would die within ten years, and being raised by Brooke and Bill, whom she even imagines taking Ridge's place. Stephanie's last hand-delivered invitation is for best old friend Taylor, stirring many memories, even from before they become close.
1755.	The Bold and the Beautiful (1987 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.5286 (2008)
Rick and Taylor remain diametrically opposed to Ridge and Brooke over affair implications for Phoebe and baby Jack and what's fair. Bickering and teasing brought Katie to kiss Nick passionately herself, which she's uncomfortable with, unlike him. When Bridget arrives, Katie wants to keep silent, Nick to come clean, each arguing that's best for Bridget, who senses he has another. Rick is delighted Taylor now admits loving him plainly and openly, then proposes to fight for custody. Brooke returns alone to contest Taylor minding Jack unsupervised, calling her 'disgusting' affair with Rick critical proof of instability.
1756.	The Bold and the Beautiful (1987 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.6823 (2014)
Oliver does his best to comfort Aly and assures her that he is there for her. They discuss how Aly's mother Darla would feel about this situation as well as fear and forgiveness. Thorne and Taylor are concerned about Aly's reaction to news of their relationship and discuss Aly's emotional health. A heartbroken Taylor realizes it is best that Thorne stay in L.A. for the time being while she goes back to Paris. Katie tells Ridge that their current situation with Brooke and Bill calls for compromise but Ridge refuses to budge. Oliver pledges with Alexandria to let the past and her hatred towards Taylor go. Aly goes to see Taylor with the startling request that she should stay in town so that they can work on their issues.
1757.	The Bold and the Beautiful (1987 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.5597 (2009)
After finding out that Ridge slept with Taylor, Brooke tells Ridge their marriage cannot survive. Meanwhile, Stephanie fills Thorne and Felicia in on what she believes to be Ridge and Brooke's impending break-up. In Hawaii, Bridget and Owen discover that each is in Hawaii with their respective mates. Bridget does her best to prevent Nick from finding out, as Owen tries to keep the secret from Jackie.
1758.	The Bold and the Beautiful (1987 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.5600 (2009)
It's dark days for Forrester Creations when Thorne and Felicia arrive at the office to tell Eric that they meant what they what they told him at the wedding: they are leaving the company. Donna attempts to talk them out of it, but their minds are made up. Before Eric can recover from the shock, Brooke, who has just finished an unusually candid conversation with Stephanie, walks in and tells Eric that she must take a leave of absence. She has just broken up with Ridge, and she feels it's best for him if the two of them don't cross paths at work. In Hawaii, Nick and Bridget enjoy their last day of their honeymoon; but Nick's pleasure is tainted by the fact that his mother is enjoying the first day of her honeymoon with Owen Knight.
1759.	The Bold and the Beautiful (1987 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.5048 (2007)
Haunted by Shane's death, Ridge can't concentrate on his work, which shows too much. Now missing Shane's restraining order is granted, as Taylor requested for Phoebe's protection, the police assigns competent LAPD detective Troy Scott to his case. Taylor and Nick look forward to their wedding, and postponing the wedding night on account of the first IVF procedure, which Jaqueline is thrilled to learn about. Best man Rick asks a last time if he gives up Brooke for good.
1760.	RoboCop (2014)
The year is 2028 and multinational conglomerate OmniCorp is at the center of robot technology. Overseas, their drones have been used by the military for years - and it's meant billions for OmniCorp's bottom line. Now OmniCorp wants to bring their controversial technology to the home front, and they see a golden opportunity to do it. When Alex Murphy (Joel Kinnaman) - a loving husband, father and good cop doing his best to stem the tide of crime and corruption in Detroit - is critically injured in the line of duty, OmniCorp sees their chance for a part-man, part-robot police officer. OmniCorp envisions a RoboCop in every city and even more billions for their shareholders, but they never counted on one thing: there is still a man inside the machine pursuing justice.
1761.	Quantum Leap (1989 TV Series)
Episode: Private Dancer - October 6, 1979 (1991)
Sam leaps into the body of Rod "the Bod" McCarty a male dancer at a strip club. According to Al, he's there to prevent a waitress and aspiring ballet dancer, Diana Quinna, from turning to prostitution to make ends meet. Diana is quite innocent in many ways. She would love to be a professional dancer but is hearing disabled and lacks the self esteem to make it on her own. Despite Sam's best efforts, she resists his interventions on her behalf but he nonetheless arranges an audition for her with professional choreographer Joanna Chapman who is recruiting for her dance company
1762.	Quantum Leap (1989 TV Series)
Episode: A Tale of Two Sweeties - February 25, 1958 (1993)
Sam leaps into Marty Elroy a traveling salesman who is also a bigamist who has two families. One of them lives in Brooklyn while the other live in Pompano Beach. He's managed to keep them apart up to now but faces a major challenge when his Brooklyn family decides to drive to Florida to surprise him. Al tells Sam that he's there to pick between the two families but has little guidance for him on which family he should choose. He suggests that Sam just spend time with each of them and then choose. That isn't Marty's only problem however. He's something of a gambler and is in debt. His bookie gives him 24 hours to come up with $2000 or else. As for choosing between the two families, he decides that honesty is the best policy.
1763.	Quantum Leap (1989 TV Series)
Episode: All-Americans - November 6, 1962 (1990)
Sam finds himself back in high school when he leaps into the body of Eddie Vega. Eddie and his best friend Chuey Martinez both star on the school's football team and Sam is there to keep Chuey from throwing the upcoming championship game. It turns out that Chuey's mother is several months behind in her rent to her landlord who also happens to be a heavy gambler. In return for Chuey throwing the game - he's the team's star receiver - he'll forgive what his mother owes.
1764.	Happy Endings (2011 TV Series)
Episode: Blax, Snake, Home (2011)
Penny buys her first home, an "amah-zing" condo complete with a wine fridge and Italian marble. But will the new digs really signal "the year of Penny" and turn her life around? And, on the year anniversary of their almost-marriage, Jane encourages Alex and Dave to finally be honest with each other -- not the best of ideas.
1765.	Happy Endings (2011 TV Series)
Episode: Dave of the Dead (2011)
A zombie movie gets the gang discussing who's most like or stand the best chance to survive a zombie attack. Being called a living zombie gives Dave the long-needed kick in the pants to resume his dream to start his own restaurant. Alas his project to offer 125 national cuisines on a 900 dishes menu earns only ridicule, no financing. Max dares Jane to tests who fights and resist zombies best, which go to each in turn. Penny meets 'cool' Toby in the launderette and waves Max's warnings he's a hipster who will drag her into his 'ironic' life of bagging on everything. However that stuck-up bunch makes a fine target group for Dave's plan B, a food car.
1766.	Happy Endings (2011 TV Series)
Episode: More Like Stanksgiving (2012)
Being 1/16 Indian, Dave resolves to host a 'real Thanksgiving', the first in his new apartment with Alex, but turns down her best efforts as fake. While shopping for ingredients, Dave is robbed by shameless Pilgrims, scammed by the fishmonger and grossly arrested. Meanwhile the others experience mixed feelings over Max's recording of the Real World Sacramento show they all met on, even Mx must admit it wants't quite just him writing self)outing TV history.
1767.	Something Borrowed (2011)
Rachel is a lawyer. When she was in law school she fell for another student, Dex, who comes from an affluent family, but she was too shy to say anything. When Dex meets her best friend Darcy, who sometimes treats her like dirt, Darcy makes a move on Dex and gets him. Eventually, they get engaged and Darcy asks Rachel to be her Maid of Honor. However, Rachel still has feelings for Dex and still can't say anything. Darcy throws her a birthday party and Dex is there. When she and Dex are alone she blurts out that she had a thing for him in college which surprised him, and after drinking a little they spend the night together. They try to forget the whole thing and agree that it means nothing. Ethan, Rachel's close friend, tells her that she'll spend her entire life regretting that if she does nothing.
Rachel and Darcy have been best friends since childhood. Darcy is about to get married with Dex, who studied with Rachel in law school. On Rachel's birthday, Rachel and Dex discover they both had a crush on each other in law school. Rachel now has to choose between her best friend and the love of her life.
1768.	Blade (1998)
When Blade's mother was bitten by a vampire during pregnancy, she did not know that she gave her son a special gift while dying: All the good vampire attributes in combination with the best human skills. Blade grew up to be a vampire hunter for revenge on his mother's death. The vampires, who managed to infiltrate nearly every major organization, need Blade's very special blood to summon La Magra, the blood god, in order to reign over the human cattle, as they call us.
1769.	Fantastic Mr. Fox (2009)
It is the story of one Mr. Fox and his wild-ways of hen heckling, turkey taking and cider sipping, nocturnal, instinctive adventures. He has to put his wild days behind him and do what fathers do best: be responsible. He is too rebellious. He is too wild. He is going to try "just one more raid" on the three nastiest, meanest farmers that are Boggis, Bunce and Bean. It is a tale of crossing the line of family responsibilities and midnight adventure and the friendships and awakenings of this country life that is inhabited by Fantastic Mr. Fox and his friends.
1770.	Only Lovers Left Alive (2013)
In the abandoned Detroit, the depressed musician Adam lives in an old house in the middle of derelict buildings with his musical instruments and books. Adam has been a vampire for centuries but is tired with the fate of the world taken by wrong decisions of mankind. He has a confidentiality agreement with Ian that provides rare instruments to him and does not ask questions to him. Adam poses as Dr. Faust and buys blood bags from Dr. Watson in nearby hospital. His wife and lover Eve lives in Tangier, Morocco, and is also a vampire. Her best friend is "Kit" Marlowe who supplies blood for her that he buys from a French doctor. When Eve calls Adam from Tangier, she feels that he is down and she decides to fly to Detroit to meet him. She meets Kit to say good-bye to him and Kit tells Eve that he had a dream with her younger sister Ava. Eve and Adam reunite and spend the nights loving each other. Out of the blue, the wild and reckless Ava comes to Adam's house and turns their lives upside-down.
1771.	The Great Escape (1963)
In 1942, the Germans have built what they consider an escape-proof POW camp where they plan to house all the problem POWs, i.e. those that have made multiple escape attempts in the past. What the Germans don't realize is that they've put all the best escape minds in one location. If they can't escape, these POWs believe it is their military duty to make the enemy place as much effort into their confinement as possible to divert them from other war related pursuits. Royal Air Force Squadron Leader Bartlett plans not just a one or two man escape at a time like most escape attempts in the past have been, but a massive escape of two hundred fifty men through a series of tunnels - if one tunnel is found, they can focus on the others. Each escapee will be provided with a complete set of forged documents and standard clothing. With their reputations preceding them, each POW is assigned a specific task in carrying out the plan. Somewhat outside of the plot are Captain Hilts and Flying Officer Ives - who spent their first thirty days in camp in the cooler together - they who are unofficially assigned as the decoys who will make more rudimentary escape attempts. They ask Hilts to make a more serious task of reconnaissance of the local town if he ever does successfully escape, which of course means his recapture to bring the information back into camp and more time in the cooler. Beyond basic logistical problems and the Germans finding out what's going on, they have potential problems in certain POWs who may become liabilities dealing with their own personal issues.
1772.	The Nanny (1993 TV Series)
Episode: A Fine Family Feud (1995)
The family is planning for Maggie's upcoming sweet sixteen party. Instead of having it at the Guggenheim like Maxwell wants, Maggie wants to have something a little more lively. Fran decides to hold the party at her Aunt Freida's discotheque in Queen's. Sylvia isn't too happy as she and Freida, who is Morty's sister, have been feuding forever. Although Maggie likes the idea of holding the party at Tante Freida's, Sylvia won't go or ever speak to Fran again if it's held there. Fran decides to bring her mother and her aunt together in the hope and supposition that neither actually remembers what started the feud. Fran ends up being right, and Sylvia and Freida kiss and make up. The party will go ahead at Tante Freida's with Sylvia's blessing. However at the party, Freida remembers what started the feud which causes the start of a food fight in the middle of the party. Because of it, Maggie and her friends think it's the best sweet sixteen party ever.
1773.	The Nanny (1993 TV Series)
Episode: Schlepped Away (1994)
It's the dead of winter, and Fran talks Maxwell into taking a weekend family vacation to the Caribbean. He invites Fran along on a working trip. C.C. wants to go too but isn't invited, so takes the opportunity to spend a weekend with a male friend. In a snow storm, Niles drive the collective to the airport, but gets lost along the way. Fran instead directs him to her parent's apartment in Flushing since she can find her way anywhere from her parent's place. There, they all discover that the entire city is shut down, including the airport. They're all effectively snowed in at Sylvia's. Fran decides to make the best of a bad situation by having their Caribbean vacation at the Fine's. They have some good times, and some bad times. Things hit rock bottom for Fran when she finds some evidence indicating a possible affair between Sylvia and the local butcher. After a confrontation, Sylvia explains to Fran the bizarre but innocent story behind Fran's discovery. At least, Fran will be able to leave her parent's house at the end of the weekend with a peaceful mind.
1774.	The Nanny (1993 TV Series)
Episode: The Best Man (1998)
When Fran hears that Maxwell's brother Nigel will soon be arriving (Nigel is to be Maxwell's best man), Fran realizes that she never told Maxwell that she almost ran off and married Nigel a year and a half ago. When Nigel arrives, Fran notices that he has obviously moved on as he has brought his new French girlfriend, Genevieve. Fran pleads with Nigel not to tell Maxwell about them almost getting married, to which Nigel agrees. But in a slightly inebriated state at Maxwell's bachelor party, Nigel spills the beans. Maxwell is livid and feels betrayed even though he was at the time of Nigel and Fran's relationship not committed to Fran. Fran, thinking that Maxwell is wanting an excuse to call off the wedding, decides to call it off for him. Unexpectedly, C.C. purposely helps Fran get Maxwell back, with a little assistance from Marla Maples, a former flame of Maxwell's.
1775.	The Nanny (1993 TV Series)
Episode: The Nanny & the Hunk Producer (1997)
Maxwell's latest play, The Widower, has garnered five Tony Award nominations. Beyond that fact, Maxwell is happy because qv##nm0515908##'s latest only got two. At the awards show, The Widower receives three awards, including Best Play, the award specifically going to Maxwell. Later at a press conference, reporters ask about the autobiographical nature of the play and the fact of him bringing the entire family to the awards show, which included Fran. Later, one of the tabloid reporters prints a story that Maxwell and Fran have been in a relationship for years, even before Maxwell's wife, Sarah, passed away. Because of the story, Maggie is furious at both her father and Fran. Maxwell and Fran manage to set the record straight with Maggie, but feel they need to confront the reporter, Stan. Their conversation with Stan ends up being not quite what they expect.
1776.	The Nanny (1993 TV Series)
Episode: The Passed-Over Story (1997)
Maxwell hires movie star Morgan Faulkner to star in his latest stage production. Fran knows Morgan better as her high school nemesis, Marcy Feldman. Being "just a nanny", Fran has an inferiority complex in comparing herself to Morgan. Meanwhile, Maggie is applying to colleges. When Maggie gets rejected by two of her top choices, Morgan decides to hire her as her assistant. Maxwell thinks this job is a wonderful temporary opportunity before Maggie goes to college, whereas Fran feels Morgan is taking her place in Maggie's life. Maxwell changes his tune about the job when Maggie announces that she's going to Europe with Morgan and not going to college at all. Fran and Maxwell have to persuade Maggie or Morgan that this move is not in Maggie's best interest without jeopardizing Morgan's want to do the play. Elsewhere, Sylvia has invited the Sheffields and Niles to dinner for Passover to eat, eat and eat some more.
1777.	The Nanny (1993 TV Series)
Episode: The Boca Story (1997)
Sylvia decides to buy a condo in and move to Boca Raton, Florida. The condo seller had a pretty easy sale with Sylvia as he was offering food to whoever put down a deposit. Fran should be excited, but is totally depressed. She doesn't initially realize it, but her depression stems from the thought of missing her mother. To help Fran over her depression, Maxwell suggest Fran accompany him and the rest of the family to Florida on a business trip. Fran is originally reluctant to go until she finds out that Maxwell is going there to be a judge for the qv##tt1213896##. They have a great time at the pre-pageant festivities, but their collective trip is cut short by a premeditated move by Fran. But before they head back to New York, Maxwell clandestinely decides to take Fran to see Sylvia's condo so that her mind can be eased by seeing what a great life Sylvia and Morty will have. Before seeing the condo, Maxwell unwittingly gets Fran excited about her parent's move when he makes her envision what her personal life will be like without Sylvia always butting in. It is lucky for Sylvia and Morty that they went to see the condo or where there was supposed to be a condo. Sylvia and Morty's move will just have to wait. Meanwhile, Grace has decided it's time to test drive an older look by stuffing her frontal area. And Niles is asked to be best man at a wedding, leaving him the last of this group to get married.
1778.	The Nanny (1993 TV Series)
Episode: The Whine Cellar (1994)
Two events are supposed to happen simultaneously. First, Sylvia is celebrating her "50th" birthday at the Sheffield house (obviously the umpteenth times she's celebrated her 50th), with Fran throwing her a not so surprise party. And second, C.C. is going away for the weekend with Maxwell to an industry function, the weekend which she envisions will be a romantic one with her business partner. The first does happen, but the second hits a snag when C.C. accidentally gets trapped in Maxwell's wine cellar. What's worse is that Fran ultimately gets trapped in there with her. To make the best of a bad situation, Fran treats their captivity much like a slumber party. C.C. doesn't get into Fran's swing of things until she dulls her pain by the copious amounts of wine at her disposal. Fran ultimately becomes C.C.'s confidante, C.C. who finally admits to herself for the first time and to Fran that her feelings for Maxwell are probably unreciprocated. But things go back to normal between C.C. and Fran after Maxwell frees them from their prison.
1779.	The Nanny (1993 TV Series)
Episode: The Nanny (1993)
Early thirty-somethings Fran Fine and Val Toriello are best friends since high school, both of whom work as salesgirls in a bridal shop in the Flushing neighborhood of Queens, the shop operated by Fran's long term "pre-engagement" high school boyfriend, Danny Imperiali. Things change when Danny dumps Fran for their high school friend, Heather Biblow, and also fires her as he wants to give Fran's sales job to Heather. Fran decides to try selling cosmetics door-to-door. The first house she knocks on is that of widower and Broadway theater producer, Maxwell Sheffield. Niles, the Sheffield's proper but quick-tongued English butler, mistakes Fran as the new nanny for Maxwell's three "problem" children: shy teenager Maggie, precocious preteen Brighton, and angst ridden adolescent Grace. The only adult female influence in the Sheffield household is C.C. Babcock, Maxwell's business associate who obviously is attracted to Maxwell but not his children. Niles' favorite pastime is tormenting C.C. Although Maxwell quickly realizes Fran is not a nanny, he hires her anyway on a temporary basis as the nanny agency is unable to send anyone else immediately. Fran ends up being not your traditional nanny. She first decides that she will come to breakfast in her robe, and eat with the family. But the biggest decision she makes is that she and the kids will crash Maxwell's upcoming investor's party at the house. Having the kids at the party ends up being a windfall as the investors love them. However, Fran gets in the doghouse when Maxwell catches Maggie in the embrace of the party waiter, who gives her her first ever kiss. Maxwell and Fran argue specifically about how Maggie should be raised in her formative teenage years. Maxwell promptly fires Fran over this incident. Fran takes solace at her mother's house, Sylvia being your typical Jewish mother who loves her food. But Fran's retreat back to Queen's is short-lived as Maxwell quickly realizes that Fran may have been right. Perhaps Fran Fine will have a life at the Sheffield household after all.
1780.	The Nanny (1993 TV Series)
Episode: Homie-Work (1998)
As the wedding approaches, Fran realizes that she will no longer be "the nanny" as thus will no longer be a member of the traditional work force. She still wants to be considered an integral contributor to the household economy. When new step-grandfather Sammy mentions that his rap-singing grandson Irwin wants to be on Broadway, Fran thinks she can help by giving Irwin at least a shot of being in Maxwell and C.C.'s new rap musical. When Fran eventually meets Irwin, she realizes that Sammy misrepresented Irwin's intentions. She also realizes that Maxwell's decision may have been clouded by the fact that it was his future wife who made the suggestion. But Irwin, with Fran's help and not wanting to disappoint, does his best to become the rapper Fran wants and Maxwell needs.
1781.	The Nanny (1993 TV Series)
Episode: Hurricane Fran (1996)
Against Maxwell's wants to have the "family" together, Fran decides to take a vacation at Christmastime with Val to the Caribbean. Fran and Val initially have a good time, until the initial storms associated with an impending hurricane hit the island. They still try to make the best of their vacation, until the hurricane gets to be too bad. They're scared for their lives. Back in New York, Sylvia and Maxwell are also concerned about Fran's safety. Fortunately the hurricane passes without major incident. Fran and Val return back to New York safe and sound. The vacation has at least achieved one thing: both Maxwell and Fran admit to themselves that they have strong feelings for each other. Meanwhile, C.C. is temporarily wheelchair-bound when she slips on Niles' just waxed floor.
1782.	The Nanny (1993 TV Series)
Episode: Tattoo (1996)
When Maggie states that she wants to get a tattoo - which Fran will not allow - it comes to light via Val that Fran got a tattoo when they were in high school. Sylvia is mortified. Although Maxwell also doesn't want Maggie to get a tattoo, he is quite intrigued about Fran's since he doesn't know where it is and thus it must be somewhere on her body hidden underneath what little clothing she usually wears (it's on her derriere). To appease Sylvia, Fran makes an appointment with a doctor to get it removed, but she has no intention of actually going through with it since Maxwell is so intrigued by it. Although she doesn't tell him, Fran decides she's going to show it to Maxwell by organizing a family beach vacation where she'll wear a thong to show it off. After a chat with Grace, Fran changes her mind as she doesn't think this the best time to lure Maxwell into a sexual relationship. However, they're both now so hot and bothered that they have to relieve their sexual energies in another way.
1783.	The Nanny (1993 TV Series)
Episode: Fran Gets Shushed (1998)
During their first night together in the house, Maxwell "shushes" Fran because he thinks she's making too much noise and that she'll be heard by the kids. Basically, Maxwell thinks that Fran is too "loud" and Fran thinks that Maxwell is too uptight. They get into a terrible argument about what is to them a fundamental aspect of who each other is. After speaking to their respective confidantes - Fran with Sylvia and Maxwell with Niles - each decides to compromise to make their marriage work. The first test is a business party in which Maxwell needs Fran to be on her best behavior since a lucrative production could be offered to him by the party's host, playwright Wendell Kent. As usual, Maxwell's main competition for the job is qv##nm0515908##. Things seem to be going well for the Sheffields - Kent is enthralled with vivacious Fran - until they get locked in the bathroom together. Maxwell doesn't want to draw attention to themselves by Fran yelling for help, yet he really needs to relieve himself, something the uptight part of him can't do in front on anyone, including his wife. In accommodating her husband, Fran is the cause of an incident which costs Maxwell the job. Because of the severity of the incident, Fran and Maxwell decide that they are better off being themselves in their marriage. But Maxwell is later grateful for Fran helping him get out of the job.
1784.	True Grit (1969)
In 1880, in Dardanelle, Yell County, the farmer Frank Ross heads with his employee Tom Chaney to Fort Smith to buy some ponies. However, he is murdered by Chaney that steals his money and flees to the Indian Territory. Frank's teenager daughter and book keeper of the family business Mattie Ross travels with one employee to bring the body of her father back home. Before meeting the undertaker, they see the hanging of three men sentenced by the tough Judge Parker. The stubborn Mattie seeks out the sheriff that tells her that he does not have authority in the Indian Nation. She asks who the best Marshall is and the sheriff recommends Reuben J. "Rooster" Cogburn, an old big fellow with eye pad that has grit to bring criminals from the Indian Territory. Mattie hires the drunken Rooster and when they are ready to depart, the Texas Ranger La Boeuf visits Rooster and tells that there is a huge reward for Tom Chaney in Texas for the murder of a senator. La Boeuf joins Rooster and Mattie and the unlikely trio begins their dangerous journey seeking out Tom Chaney in the Indian Territory.
1785.	A Place to Call Home (2013 TV Series)
Episode: True to Your Heart (2013)
Newly discharged from hospital, Elizabeth is unimpressed by the proprietorial way Regina is behaving towards George and asks her to leave. With tension in the house and James's secretly growing feelings for Harry, Olivia and James agree that the best chance for their family lies in the city. After learning about his affair with Sarah, Elizabeth demands George end it, but he refuses. Meanwhile, Anna tells Gino she is expecting.
1786.	Wet Hot American Summer: First Day of Camp (2015 TV Series)
Episode: Auditions (2015)
Astrophysicist Henry Neumann (David Hyde-Pierce) rents a cabin next door to the camp. BTO is flowing on WCFW. Claude Dumet (John Slattery) recasts the big theatrical show and holds auditions. The Falcon cleans up a convenience store. Andy catches Katie preparing for auditions and catches the acting bug. Kevin tries to save Amy from embarrassment. The hypnotist, "Jackie Brazen" visits and gets uncanny. Drew tries to call "dibs" on Amy. Ben does not realize he is creative; and this makes McKinley very surprised. At Camp Tiger Claw, Graham shows unusual depth and quality by choosing the best. Courtney hits on Flaky Blake; lip gloss used to be SO MUCH FUN in the 70s-80s. Warner calls Courtney a minx and Blake calls Warner a socialist. At the library, Gail finds out from Jeff Jeff that Jonas is not exactly who he says he is. As he ends his act, Jackie Brazen mangles a perfectly brilliant Einstein quote; so, perhaps he is not exactly who HE says he is, either!
1787.	Bad Boys (1995)
Marcus Burnett is a hen-pecked family man. Mike Lowrey is more of a loose cannon. They are partners on the Miami Police Department, and they are about to take on a highly dangerous case. 100 million dollars in heroin, from the biggest drug bust of their careers, is stolen from police headquarters. Now, they have 72 hours to reclaim the heroin before the Internal Affairs Division gets involved. This puts Mike and Marcus hot on the trail of a French drug kingpin named Fouchet. Mike asks Maxine Logan, a hooker he knows, to keep an eye open for high rollers. Later, she gets a call from a guy who's high on drugs and wants to spend $2000. Maxine asks her best friend Julie Mott to tag along with her to the home of former cop Eddie Dominguez. Julie is not a hooker but the guy's so out of it that they'll be out of there with the money in just minutes. But at Dominguez's house, Fouchet kills Maxine. Julie witnessed the murder, so she contacts the police. But Julie, who doesn't know what Mike looks like, is willing to talk only to Mike. Mike is not around, so Marcus is forced to pretend to be Mike, and when Mike returns, he's forced to pretend to be Marcus. Marcus is a family man who has a wife named Theresa and three kids named James, Megan, and Quincy, while Mike is not, so this is not a very close fit. Mike and Marcus's pursuit of Fouchet kicks into overdrive when Fouchet's henchmen kidnap Julie right out from under their noses.
1788.	Dance Moms (2011 TV Series)
Episode: West Coast Strikes Back (2015)
The ALDC's biggest west coast rival, MDP, is back and Abby wants to put her best foot forward at competition. After Mackenzie's huge win against her big sis Maddie, Abby tests her confidence with a big opportunity--will she be able to handle it? Meanwhile, JoJo's sick grandmother is visiting LA and Jess is desperate for JoJo to have a featured role.
1789.	Dance Moms (2011 TV Series)
Episode: When Stars Collide (2011)
The Abby Lee Dance Studio is on edge after learning a big Broadway casting director will attend their annual Dance Showcase, an exhibition in which she shows off her accomplished dancers. Abby's desire to push the girls to the max could have catastrophic effects if they don't show their best.
1790.	Dance Moms (2011 TV Series)
Episode: Abby's So Far This Season (2013)
In this all-new special, Abby Lee Miller gives her unique insight into this season of Dance Moms as she recaps major mom moments, crazy conflicts and the best dances. The reigning "diva of dance" will also share never-before-seen bonus scene footage.
1791.	Dance Moms (2011 TV Series)
Episode: Wild Wild West Coast, Part 2 (2015)
The ALDC's last week in Los Angeles continues with the girls juggling a competition and a music video shoot with kid rapper MattyB. But when Abby can't see eye to eye with his manager she tries to shut the shoot down, driving a wedge between the mothers who stay loyal to Abby and those who do not. To make matters worse, Abby announces she is cutting one dancer, causing the moms to fight tooth and nail to secure their daughters' spots on the team. Amidst all the chaos, it's the girls' last chance to pull off a win against the best of the best in LA, all without Abby's favorite dancer, Maddie. (Includes additional dance footage not seen in original episode.)
1792.	Dance Moms (2011 TV Series)
Episode: Reunion: Off the Dance Floor, Part 2 (2012)
After the most tumultuous dance competition season ever, Abby and the Dance Moms reunite on stage to set the record straight. Unfiltered and unleashed, everyone gets the chance to tell each other what they really think ... may the best Dance Mom win. Part 2 of 2.
1793.	Dance Moms (2011 TV Series)
Episode: Reunion: Off the Dance Floor, Part 1 (2012)
After the most tumultuous dance competition season ever, Abby and the Dance Moms reunite on stage to set the record straight. Unfiltered and unleashed, everyone gets the chance to tell each other what they really think...May the best Dance Mom win. Part 1 of 2.
1794.	Dance Moms (2011 TV Series)
Episode: Abby's Top Ten Dances (2014)
Abby Lee Miller opens up, dishing on her ten favorite group dances of all time. As she leads us through the countdown to number one, we'll get the inside story on how the dances came about, the drama behind the scenes, and see all new extended cuts of the all-time best Dance Moms dances.
1795.	Dance Moms (2011 TV Series)
Episode: Love on the Dance Floor (2011)
After the most tumultuous dance competition season ever, Abby and the Dance Moms reunite on stage to set the record straight. Unfiltered and unleashed, everyone gets the chance to tell each other what they really think ... may the best Dance Mom win.
After the most tumultuous dance competition season ever, Abby and the Dance Moms reunite on stage to set the record straight. Unfiltered and unleashed, everyone gets the chance to tell each other what they really think...May the best Dance Mom win.
1796.	Dance Moms (2011 TV Series)
Episode: Maddie vs. Kalani (2015)
Determined to have a victory in their first week back in L.A., the ALDC faces the Murrieta Dance Project again, the team that won with a perfect score and sent Abby in a downward spiral of negativity. Putting her best foot forward, Abby gives solos to her two strongest dancers, Maddie and Kalani. Kalani is hungry for a win and she is feeling the pressure to beat not only Maddie but MDP as well. Sparks fly between Jill and Holly when Nia is left out of a show biz opportunity which puts a strain on the team as they try to master an edgy rose garden themed contemporary routine.
1797.	Dance Moms (2011 TV Series)
Episode: Abby's Dance-a-Thon (2012)
Abby Lee Miller is never happy with second best. When the dance moms get in her way, things often go awry; when out of her way, her young dancers bring home the gold. In this episode watch Abby tackle the mama drama, taking us through her countdown of the worst to the best dance performances.
1798.	Dance Moms (2011 TV Series)
Episode: Video Killed the ADLC Star (2015)
It's the ALDC's last competition in LA and JoJo and Kendall have challenging solos. To add to the pressure, Nia and Kendall are both shooting their music videos this week. While Holly and Jill initially remain supportive of each other's daughters as recording artists, their competitive sides get the best of them which results in an all-out war.
1799.	Mighty Morphin Power Rangers (1993 TV Series)
Episode: Green with Evil: Part III (1993)
Jason continues battling Goldar in the Dark Dimension, and eventually, the Green Ranger as well. Luckily, in the nick of time, the Rangers & Alpha are able to lock on to his Communicator and teleport him out of there. But with Zordon still lost and the Command Center still in shambles, the victory is bittersweet, at best. To make things worse, Rita summons Scorpina, a female warrior long buried in a cave, with the ability to transform into a monstrous scorpion when in giant mode.
1800.	Mighty Morphin Power Rangers (1993 TV Series)
Episode: Gung Ho! (1993)
Jason and Tommy have entered a team competition but can't work together despite Billy and Zach's best efforts. The duo are even more troubled upon discovering that they have to go up against a couple of ninjas that appear to be professionals. Meanwhile, Finster creates Super-Putties that are nearly invincible. Tommy and Jason are charged with working together to find a weapon that will defeat the putties while the rest of the rangers must fend them off. The duo nearly succeed when they are faced with the guardian of what they seek.
1801.	Mighty Morphin Power Rangers (1993 TV Series)
Episode: I, Eye Guy (1993)
The rangers' young friend, Willie, has created his best invention yet and enters it into a science fair. Bulk and Skull happen upon the science fair and cause Willie to be disqualified! Disheartened, Willie flees to reflect on things when he's kidnapped by Eye Guy so that the monster can steal his vast intelligence.
1802.	JAG (1995 TV Series)
Episode: Survivors (1996)
A recently divorced Marine colonel has gotten into trouble with a judge about the custody of his minor son and his visitation with him; in a civilian court Harm represents the colonel, who has taken his son for an unauthorized hunting trip. Somehow in the colonel's mind the son and his memories of his best friend in Vietnam have become intertwined with each other. The sheriff's department conducts a manhunt. Harm becomes one of the hunted, but he brokers a deal, and, with Meg's help, everything works out.
1803.	JAG (1995 TV Series)
Episode: Second Acts (2003)
A petty officer saves his unit of Navy Seabees in the Middle East from three terrorist suicide intruders in a pickup truck, and a TV crew catches the incident on tape. However, the hero shuns the attention because he is a man previously thought to have died in the World Trade Center on 11 September 2001. The widow of the hero's best friend and business partner raises a number of questions. Harm finds a way to produce the answers, and Sturgis helps the hero to stay in the Navy. The SecNav invites RAdm. Chegwidden to rebut the report by Cdr. Lindsey. After he receives the response, the SecNav relieves Cdr. Lindsey for cause and orders him out of the Pentagon ASAP. Sergei shows up with his fiancee.
1804.	JAG (1995 TV Series)
Episode: Tribunal (2002)
A special-operations team captures a high-level member of the Al Qaeda, and the President of the US authorizes a military tribunal, which then convenes aboard USS Seahawk (CVN-65). Harm and Mac prosecute, and RAdm. Chegwidden and Sturgis defend. Bud and PO Coates give their cooperation and hospitality. Clayton Webb also shows up, but he says that he's not there. Mac and Clayton go ashore to a detention camp, where they encounter the Gunny, and where Mac experiences a tense moment. The defendant defeats Clayton's post-trial questioning. Meanwhile Loren, as the senior officer remaining in the office, runs the place, and she does what she does best.
1805.	JAG (1995 TV Series)
Episode: Heroes (1997)
During a classified and dangerous operation off the coast of Libya, a SEAL dies as a result of gunfire; the government charges the chief petty officer in charge with the premeditated murder of his best friend. In a preliminary hearing Harm and Bud prosecute, and Mac defends. Friction develops between Harm and Mac. Harm uses a forceful technique to demonstrate to the court that the weapon in question had not jammed. Harm eventually discovers the background of the dead sailor, and he deduces how the death took place; then he informs the court that he cannot prove the case against the defendant, so the judge dismisses the charge. Harm and Mac make peace with each other.
1806.	Emergency! (1972 TV Series)
This long-running reality/dramatic series focused primarily on two medical technicians (who later were promoted as captains), Firefighter Johnny Gage, a young, professional partner of DeSoto's, who was a former student at a paramedic program, who is also a ladies' man who dated all the nurses (except Dixie, obviously). Gage can also be accidental prone at times, leading him to injuries, he sustained, and Firefighter Roy DeSoto, another paramedic and founding partner, who's a devoted family man, who in turn, would often give specific orders to Johnny about the victims he's too involved with. Together, the two worked at Station 51, who saved the many lives of people who have been hurt, who were also assisted by the staff at Rampart General Hospital, Dr. Kelly Brackett, a handsome, no-nonsense, but hotheaded doctor and senior physician, who was romantically involved with Dixie, until they were only best friends. While taking two separate classes at The Los Angeles County Fire Department, Brackett was opposed by the idea, but later changed his mind, Dixie McCall, a sexy, beautiful, yet dedicated head nurse (later nurse supervisor) who served as an Army unit during the Korean War, who was involved early on in the paramedic program, who argued constantly from her skills of paramedics to the dismissive of the head doctor. She's also responsible for looking after patients the paramedics, Gage and DeSoto, both brought to the hospital, all the while delivering cases to each ER doctor, Dr. Joe Early, a neurosurgeon and assistant of Dr. Brackett's & Nurse McCall's, who's calm and has the more tactful experience, who's also dedicated to children, and Dr. Mike Norton, a young black intern, who's calm like Dr. Early, but can be inadvertent to think or to overreact, on occasion. Unlike McCall, Norton spent his time in the U.S. Navy.
1807.	Emergency! (1972 TV Series)
Episode: Hang-Up (1972)
Johnny makes his best effort to find out the end of an Adam-12 episode, he missed while responding to a man trapped in an air-conditioning duct. Dixie also listens in on Johnny's situation, about his favorite television show, prior to taking that call with Roy. Two assaulted men continue their fight at Rampart. A man damages his cast by surfing. Dr. Brackett treats a woman with a neurological disorder. Dixie's tired of all the nonsense happening in the hospital or taking anybody's emergencies, someplace else. Radioactivity impedes the rescue of a lab worker.
1808.	Doctor Who (1963 TV Series)
Episode: The Creature from the Pit: Part Three (1979)
Trapped face to featureless face with the alien creature, the Doctor tries his best to communicate with it. Meanwhile, as Adrasta's group tries to break through metallic bio-blockage created by the creature, bandits raid her palace for every scrap of metal they can find, including an alien shield that harbors powers no one suspects.
1809.	Doctor Who (1963 TV Series)
Episode: The Tomb of the Cybermen: Episode 2 (1967)
After the deaths, the expedition decide it is best to leave, only to find their ship has been disabled. Encouraged by Klieg the group finally gain access to the under city via the hatch dominating the control room In the city they find the cyber tombs. Klieg fired by ideological zeal begins to revive the cybermen in spite the protest of everyone else. Will the Doctor be able to stop the flood of cybermen pouring out from the now activated tombs, or will he be forced to join the ranks of the cybermen.
1810.	Doctor Who (1963 TV Series)
Episode: The Monster of Peladon: Part One (1974)
Returning to the medieval planet Peladon (50 years after "The Curse of Peladon") The Doctor and Sarah find King Peladon's daughter Queen Thalira has inherited the throne and the galactic Federation is at war with Galaxy Five and The Federation requires the mineral Trisilicate that will end the war. Only to discover the miners led by the mad rebel Ettis are rebelling and refusing to work, as the ghost of the loyal best Aggedor is frightening and killing off Miners, only to discover the ghost of Aggedor is a holographic projection and the culprits are a task-force of renegade Ice Warriors led by Commander Azaxyr and traitorous federation mining engineer Eckersley who have betrayed the Federation to Galaxy Five.
1811.	8 Simple Rules... for Dating My Teenage Daughter (2002 TV Series)
Episode: Ditch Day (2005)
In the series closer, it's the schools ditch day. While Bridget plots to do the ultimate prank, Cate is plotting how to keep her relationship with Principal Gibb under wraps so she won't worry her kids. Kerry is anti-ditch day, and tries to make ditch day a normal day of learning, to what turns out to be a complete bust. When Kerry puts on the prank in her sister's place, she ends up realizing she really has been a goody-two-shoes. Cate also realizes that it's really not that big of a deal that she's dating the principal, and her kids just want what's best for her.
1812.	8 Simple Rules... for Dating My Teenage Daughter (2002 TV Series)
Episode: No Right Way (2003)
Cate is unprepared for the diverse reactions exhibited by Bridget and Kerry on their first day back to school since their father's death. Meanwhile, Jim tries his best to be helpful by making some questionable home improvements to the Hennessy home.
1813.	8 Simple Rules... for Dating My Teenage Daughter (2002 TV Series)
Episode: Son-in-Law (2002)
Paul is upset when he walks in on Bridget and Kyle alone on the couch, unaware that they are in the process of breaking up. He then walks upstairs and finds Kerry alone with her study partner Guy. Kerry is annoyed when Paul remarks that he doesn't have to worry about Kerry alone in a bedroom like he does Bridget. Later that night, Rory informs Paul that Bridget is out past curfew on a date with some basketball player. After realizing that Bridget's date is none other than Travis Smith, AKA "The Rainman" - one of the best high-school basketball point guards in the state - Paul agrees to let Bridget skip the once-sacred 'family movie night' to go out with Travis. She continues to see him throughout the week staying out later and later each night. It soon becomes clear that Bridget has been manipulating the situation, while Kerry is now a young women not an innocent little girl.
1814.	8 Simple Rules... for Dating My Teenage Daughter (2002 TV Series)
Episode: All I Want for Christmas (2002)
Paul decides that he is going to make this Christmas the best one ever. As he and Cate decorate the Christmas tree the kids tell him what they want for Christmas. Rory wants a motorcycle, Bridget wants to be with Kyle on Christmas Eve, and Kerry wants to keep a lost puppy that she just found wandering in the street. Paul wants to win the brightest lights competition in the neighborhood, but it seems like the neighbors are winning.
1815.	The Rock (1996)
Marine General Francis Xavier Hummel has spent most of his career carrying out covert operations, but there's no record of these operations. Over the years, nearly a hundred of his men have been killed or left behind, and they have not received any recognition. After trying to get them that through normal channels, Hummel now decides that it's time for drastic measures. He and some other marines take some rockets that are equipped with a biological weapon. They then go on a tour of Alcatraz, and take the tourists hostage. He then calls the Pentagon and informs them that unless they pay him 100 million dollars as reparation for him, he will launch the rockets. Now the Pentagon doesn't want to capitulate. So they decide to send in a team of Navy Seals. Now they need someone who knows Alcatraz and the best person they could find is John Patrick Mason, a man who escaped from Alcatraz, and who has been in every prison in the U.S. for the past 30 years. Also accompanying them is Stanley Goodspeed, an FBI chemical weapons expert. When they go in, the Marines ambush the Seals. Only Mason and Goodspeed are left, and the two have to try and neutralize the weapons. Only problem is, that Goodspeed is not really a man of action and Mason knows that when he returns, he will be sent back to prison, and Mason doesn't really deserve that.
1816.	Ace Ventura: Pet Detective (1994)
He's the best there is. In fact, he's the only one there is! He's Ace Ventura: Pet Detective. Ace is on the case to find the Miami Dolphins' missing mascot and quarterback Dan Marino. He goes eyeball to eyeball with a man-eating shark, stakes out the Miami Dolphins and woos and wows the ladies. Whether he's undercover, under fire or underwater, he always gets his man . . . or beast!
1817.	Cuckoo (2012 TV Series)
Episode: The Wedding (2012)
Rachel and Cuckoo learn that their Thai marriage ceremony was not legal and plan another wedding in England. Steve,angry that Connie has gone off on a singing tour,offers to help Ken sabotage the nuptials by being best man and,along with Dylan,they take Cuckoo for a stag night,aiming to get him drunk and film him snogging a prostitute,Rachel getting to see the result,but Ken loses heart for revenge when Cuckoo tells him how he loves him and the family. Ken even thwarts Steve's plan to get Cuckoo shipped abroad in a crate and,come the big day,is happy to give his daughter away and act as best man at the same time.
1818.	Wizards of Waverly Place (2007 TV Series)
Episode: Lucky Charmed (2010)
Harper tries convincing Alex that life without magic isn't so bad, but the strain of taking responsibility for her actions instead of using magic causes a disagreement between the two best friends. Meanwhile, after Jerry finds the family heirloom wizard robe in shambles, he tries to get to the bottom of how it was destroyed.
1819.	Wizards of Waverly Place (2007 TV Series)
Episode: Max's Secret Girlfriend (2010)
Max gets Alex and Justin to use an aging spell, so that they can pose as his parents when he brings his new girlfriend, Nancy, home to meet the family. But after his real parents tell him honesty is the best policy, Max tells Nancy the truth- including the fact that he's a real wizard.
1820.	Wizards of Waverly Place (2007 TV Series)
Episode: Detention Election (2010)
Justin and Zeke are running against each other for student body president, Zeke declares that it is time for him to be more independent from Justin, but if he gives him a good reason, he would vote for him. Meanwhile, Alex is running for speaker of the assembly in order to get free time to pull pranks around the school. Harper tells her that her pranks were getting out of hand and Alex comments on how hilarious her last prank was, accidentally confessing in front of the principal, landing her in Saturday detention. While she is at detention, the rest of the family decides to go to all of the places that she had been banned from, which are all islands. Justin says to Harper that Alex thinks that on an island, there are no rules. When Harper adds that they live on Manhattan Island, Justin asks her if it explains a lot to her.Just as they were about to leave, Mr. Laritate comes to the door to take Justin to detention. He doesn't know why and is very scared of a boy named Eddie, who is also in detention. When the door is opened, they find the room covered in vote for Justin posters, a prank that Mr Laritate thinks was done by Justin. Then, a girl who you soon find is named Stevie walks in, saying that she was late because of a phone call with Eddie's Mom, who, she claims said that Eddie had to get out of her chair. Mr. Laritate says that she makes Alex look like Justin. He leaves and Alex asks Stevie how she got into detention so fast. Stevie says that she got into trouble in her old school and they had her making up detention there, but she didn't mind because it's the best way to meet "her people." Alex takes out a hidden pillow, alarm clock, and hammock. She sets the alarm clock to play the sound of a gentle rain. Eddie says that she has to turn it down, because it made him have to go numero uno, then declaring: "That's right, I speak French!" Stevie walks up to it, turns up the volume and says: "Well, wi-wi" getting a high five from Alex. Later, when Alex wakes up, Eddie says that he doesn't vote, but if he did, it would be for Justin because of the prank. Meanwhile, Harper, Max and Jerry are stuck on top of the Cony Island ferris wheel, they all get hungry and discover Harper's cracker ans salami earrings, declaring that they were saved. Harper is then flashed out by Alex, who was out of detention. She says that she wants to find whoever actually pulled to pull the prank to help with her campaign. When Harper sees it, she doesn't know whether it's the greatest prank ever pulled, or a new design idea for her bedroom. They discover that even the stapler was wrapped, by someone with nimble fingers and lots of down time. Harper says that it is her, but Alex reminds her that it's not. When Harper says that she wishes the posters could talk, Alex uses magic to do so and asks who did it. The poster told her that he couldn't tell her because she was going to vote for him and he promised not to do it. Harper again insists that it must be her, because she was voting for him. Alex insists that it wasn't her and they leave. Eddie and Them, a gang led by Eddie, tell Justin that he could hang with them. He does as they say (untie his shoes and wear his pants lower) and tells Zeke that Eddie and them were his "crew" and, to impress them, pretends to throw a rock at Zeke. At the election, Eddie and Them showed up and told Justin that they had voted for him, and their votes put him over the top, but Mr. Laritate says that he is disqualified for the prank and Alex claims that she did it. Stevie then walks in and says that it was actually her who wrapped the room in the posters, and directed at Alex, even the stapler.She then opened her locker and Vote for Justin posters fell everywhere. She got three Saturday detentions and told Mr Laritate that she wasn't busy on the fourth Saturday, and maybe they could do something. She tells them that she knew if Justin got detention, Eddie and Them would vote for him and he'd win. She later tells Alex the real reason, that the second biggest troublemaker in the school was the sister of the president, and there was a lot of ways to go with that.Alex and Stevie say that they could be good friends, much to the dismay of Harper, until Stevie does as Alex says and tells Harper that her dress is pretty. Alex flashes Harper back to the Ferris wheel, which is still stuck, but not before she could grab her jerky jacket.
1821.	Wizards of Waverly Place (2007 TV Series)
Episode: New Employee (2007)
To spend more time with Harper, Alex coerces her parents to hire her as an extra waitress at the Waverly Sub-Station. But when she finds out how poorly her best friend does on the job, she puts an ancient spell on her that transforms her into a superior serving wench, and ends up making her too good. Meanwhile Justin's tutoring is interrupted by a young extortionist.
1822.	The Inbetweeners (2008 TV Series)
Episode: Will's Birthday (2009)
Simon, Jay and Neil are debating on whether to crash Louise Graham's party, she who is becoming more and more popular, or go to Will's seventeenth birthday dinner, to which he invited them a month in advance. They feel they have no choice but to go to Will's dinner. Will insists that each bring a girl so that it is a proper, sophisticated dinner party, but that request might be a tall order since all the popular girls will be at Louise's party. Another last minute invitee to Will's dinner is Patrice, an exotically handsome, chain-smoking, Arab hating French exchange student staying with the Coopers. Simon convinces Will to ask Charlotte, despite the debacle that was their last meeting at the under 18's club. Charlotte doesn't really answer leaving Will wondering if she'll show up. Simon vows to ask Carli. But by the time Will's party rolls around, it is devoid of any estrogen except for the stripper Jay and Neil hired but have no money to pay. As such, the guys decide their best option to pick up girls is to go to Louise's party, despite not being formally invited to it. There, Will does whatever he can to make the most of what is turning out to be a horrible birthday.
1823.	The Inbetweeners (2008 TV Series)
Episode: Night Out in London (2009)
Will decides the boys should reinvent themselves as trendy clubbers and they drive to London in Simon's car, though to gain entry to the best club in town Simon must swap his trainers for a tramp's filthy old shoes. Neil cuts his penis weeing into a can and when Jay inspects the damage they are ejected as perverts. Can things get any worse for the lads? The wheel-clamping of Simon's car might provide the answer.
1824.	The Inbetweeners (2008 TV Series)
Episode: Exam Time (2009)
It's the end of term exam time, when many are thinking about studying. Will is pretending to do so, but really is not doing much of anything in avoiding studying. And when he finally gets to studying, he's reading the words in his textbooks, but they mean nothing to his brain. Simon has a study date with Carli at his house. He focuses on the date aspect more than the studying aspect. His focus on pursuing Carli becomes even more intense when he just learns what is supposed to be common knowledge directly from her that she and Tom have split. As such, he even helps her with courses that he isn't taking while forgoing studying for his own courses just to be with her. Neil is wondering how best to study for his courses, such as physical education. And Jay is skipping studying altogether as he has just started seeing an actual girl named Chloe, although Chloe does not want things to progress beyond kissing yet. For the first time in his life, Jay is honest to his mates about the nature of his relationship with a girl. After the exam period is over, which yields mixed results for the four (Will's based in part on his excessive consumption of energy drinks to stay awake to study), the guys head to the pub, with Simon and Jay hoping to advance their burgeoning new relationships with Carli and Chloe respectively, and Will facing his recent embarrassment head on.
1825.	Say Anything... (1989)
Diane Court and Lloyd Dobler have just graduated from Lakewood High School in Seattle. Overachieving Diane, who probably does not realize how beautiful she is, was the class valedictorian. She strives for excellence in everything she does as a natural course, resulting in not having a social life, although she could probably get any boy she wanted despite feeling socially awkward herself. She lives with her divorced father, Jim Court, who owns a nursing home, who dotes on Diane and who does whatever he needs to validate her being the best. Diane receiving a prestigious fellowship to study in England in the fall is just the latest validation that she indeed is at the top of the pyramid. An army brat, Lloyd recently returned to the US to finish high school, he now living with his single mother sister Constance while their parents remain stationed in Germany. Lloyd, who does kick-boxing as a hobby, has no career aspirations, only knowing that he wants to do something great. His only short term aspiration is to date Diane, despite the improbability, it generally seen that she is out of his league. With the fellowship in hand, Diane lets her social guard down for the first time in her life in accepting Lloyd's offer of a date, despite she not even knowing who he is. Following that date, Lloyd wants to spend as much time with Diane in the next sixteen weeks before she leaves. Diane, who likes Lloyd and who finds that she now regrets not having that social life with her high school colleagues, has to decide if Lloyd does fit into her life at this crucial time just before she is about to leave. What happens is also dependent on her father, not only in he perhaps seeing any boy, but even more one like Lloyd who does not have the same future outlook as he has for Diane being merely a distraction, but something that happens in his own life. Lloyd figuring out what that something great as something to do may also factor into what happens.
1826.	The Carrie Diaries (2013 TV Series)
Episode: Pilot (2013)
Months after his beloved wife's death, busy breadwinner Tom Bradshaw's best efforts can't prevent his brat daughters bickering endlessly, yet shows angelic patience. Kid sister Dorrit systematically rivals firstborn Carrie, especially over mother's keepsakes, and is caught sneaking out to a college age party. Carrie confides into and commiserates with her school buddies Maggie Landers and Jill 'Mouse' Chen, but starts finding they lie and cheat too, even among themselves. Carrie is tickled pink with a menial fashion job father arranges for her and prefers an adult invitation trough 'friend' Larissa, a shoplifting photographer, to her formal school dance. Thus she fails to honor an enviable invitation by the new kid at school, her handsome cocky former public swimming pool playmate Sebastian Kydd, who already dates another, yet grants her another chance.
1827.	Horrible Bosses (2011)
Friends Nick Hendricks, Kurt Buckman and Dale Arbus are average guys who want to work hard to get ahead in their respective jobs, but they each have the same professional problem in achieving this goal: they have a horrible boss and a job difficult to escape without starting from scratch. At the financial firm where he works, Nick's sadistic boss, Dave Harken, has long implied to Nick that he is in line for a senior vice-president position which was the farthest thing from Dave's mind. Kurt, who works for a family owned chemical company, used to have the best boss in the world in Jack Pellitt until he died, which meant that the reigns of the company were passed to his insensitive cocaine-induced son, Bobby Pellitt. And dental hygienist Dale's boss, Dr. Julia Harris, is sexually harassing him, which is made worse as Julia vows to tells Dale's fiancee that they did sleep together if he doesn't. He knows he can't get another job due to being on the sexual predator list for an innocent incident. After the three initially joke about wanting to kill their respective bosses, Dale is the first to state that he really wants to do it, to which the other two agree. As they are just three average guys, they have no idea how to go about doing it or even hiring a hit-man. With a supposed hit-man named Motherfucker Jones as their advisor and television crime shows and old murder mystery movies as their guides, the three go about trying to determine the best way to kill the three bosses while keeping as far away from the crimes as possible. Even with their guides, they commit a few errors in the initial reconnaissance and intelligence gathering stage which may thwart the entire plan. The motivations of Julia, Bobby and especially Dave, as well as Nick, Kurt and Dale's own morals may also factor into the success or failure of carrying out their mission.
1828.	Face/Off (1997)
Sean Archer is the FBI's best agent, hot on the trail of the world's most ruthless terrorist, Caster Troy. When Troy attempts to assassinate Archer, he accidentally gets Archer's young son and Archer is hell-bent on bringing him down. When the FBI finds out that Troy has planted a massive bomb that will blow in a matter of days, all hell breaks loose leaving Troy in a coma. The only other person that knows about the bomb's whereabouts is Troy's younger brother, Pollux, who is in a maximum security prison. The FBI persuades Archer to undergo surgery in which Archer will wear Troy's face to convince everybody he is Troy and hope Pollux gives him answers. Troy soon awakens and has the same surgery done with Archer's face. Troy destroys all evidence of Archer's true identity and defuses the bomb himself, to make him seen as a hero. Archer escapes from prison and gets himself involved with Troy's old gang, determined to destroy him once and for all.
1829.	Raising Hope (2010 TV Series)
Episode: Ship Happens (2013)
When Jimmy finds out his parents never took him on a real holiday but faked cook travel adventures in town while he was a sleepy kid, well-traveled Sabrina resolves to take him and Hope along for the real thing. The Chance parents are tempted to join against better judgment, even with maw-maw, lured by a sweet deal to deliver a yacht, which turns out worse then a drag, under contract. Still the family vows to make the best of it, despite a horrible museum and Sabrina getting arrested for trying to steal back.
1830.	Raising Hope (2010 TV Series)
Episode: Baby Monitor (2011)
Supermarket branch manager Barney tells the team he lost out each year 'despite best ideas' in the chain's annual commercial competition, so now he wants Jimmy and his colleagues to compete for this year's submission, but flattery and considerations like fair-play and team spirit get in the way. As Hope's baby-phone accidentally tunes into a neighboring house's, ear-dropping Burt discovers Andrew is being grossly abused by his tyrannical, impossible to please wife Donna and wants to help. Virginia is reluctant to risk being seen as a nosy neighbor, but agrees to help by example, which proves harder then expected.
1831.	Warehouse 13 (2009 TV Series)
Episode: Parks and Rehabilitation (2013)
Artie is expecting the Regents to come down on him hard but to his surprise they feel the best thing for everyone is to let him go back to work. But Artie doesn't accept it. He sends Pete and Claudia to Oregon when a man is found stuck in the ground. They learn that the man was in telecommunications and was planning to cut down some trees for his cell towers. And a group of environmentalists are trying to stop him. They think one of them may have gone too far so they talk to the leader a woman but when she hears the man is dead she freaks out. Artie tries to put things in order at the Warehouse and Myka and Jenks try to help him.
1832.	I Love You, Man (2009)
Peter Klaven's world revolves around his real estate work and Zooey, his soon-to-be fiancee. After he pops the question, she calls her best friends and they go into wedding planning mode. Peter has no male friends and that poses problems: will he turn out to be a clingy guy, and who will be his best man? Zooey, her friends, and Peter's brother Robbie offer help that results in awkward moments. Then, at an open house Peter's hosting, he meets Sydney, an amiable, low-key guy. They trade business cards, and Peter calls him to meet for drinks. A friendship develops that's great at first but then threatens Peter's engagement and career. Can guys be friends and couples be in love?
After eight months of dating, realtor and aspiring developer Peter Klaven asks entrepreneur Zooey Rice to marry him, she who says yes. It isn't until then that they both realize that while Zooey has a plethora of female friends to populate the wedding party - with Denise and Hailey, her business partners, being her closest friends - Peter has no real male friends as he has always nurtured his female relationships. Who he previously assumed were his male friends he realizes now are more acquaintances or associates. Even within his family, he is closer to his mother, Joyce - who Zooey believes is his best friend - than he is to his father, Oswald, or younger gay brother, Robbie. To overcome the problem of who will be his best man, Peter goes on a quest for a bromance. This task is difficult for unassuming Peter, who really doesn't know how to deal with men in a true friendship. After several missteps with potential bros, Peter finally meets financial investor Sydney Fife at one of his open houses. Sydney is straightforward and perceptive but an overgrown adolescent in his personal life. Still, Peter and Sydney bond. As Sydney becomes a bigger part of Peter's life, Peter has to figure out how to balance his life with Zooey and his life with Sydney, the two who may have their own issues in what the other means in Peter's life.
1833.	Harold & Kumar Go to White Castle (2004)
Harold Lee and Kumar Patel are best friends and roommates who share a common love for marijuana. Harold works for an investment bank while Kumar is being pressured by his father to go into medical school. On a Friday night after smoking marijuana, the duo get a case of the munchies and decide to head to White Castle. However, after learning that the nearest White Castle has been closed down, the duo set out on a trip to a White Castle that is not too far out. However, the trip becomes complicated as the duo run into one incident after another.
1834.	Death Note (2006 TV Series)
Light Yagami, after finding a book that kills people whose names are written in it, developps a God complex. His own father being the chef of Tokyo police, he fights against the world's best detective, L, to bring the world to his own idea of utopia.
1835.	Death Note (2006 TV Series)
Episode: Koigokoro: Beloved (2006)
Without given much preamble, Light looks over the tapes from the TV station and voices the same conclusion as L, that there's a second Kira. With this conclusion validated, they work together to draw out the copycat. It works. The copycat gives a live broadcast reply but it proves a liability to Light when the copycat reveals shinigami information best kept secret. Horrified, L now realizes supernatural forces are involved.
1836.	Death Note (2006 TV Series)
Episode: Shinsekai: New World (2007)
It's over. Near's careful strategy succeeds, revealing Light Yagami as Kira. Cornered and going into hysterics, Light makes a last ditch effort to beat Near and make a case for keeping himself alive, active and at liberty, but he fails, prevented by one who had up to this point greatly admired him. As forewarned from the start, and now that, at best, only life-imprisonment looms ahead for Light, Ryuk writes one last name in his Death Note.
1837.	The Beverly Hillbillies (1962 TV Series)
Episode: The Clampett Curse (1967)
Feeling burdened by their wealth, Jed and Granny decide to donate all of their millions to a young woman seeking funds for a phony foundation for needy UCLA college students. Heading back home, the Clampetts run out of fuel before they get out of Los Angeles and decide to make the best out of the situation and to clear part of a park and take up sharecropping.
1838.	The Family (2013)
A mafia boss and his family are relocated to a sleepy town in France under the witness protection program after snitching on the mob. Despite the best efforts of CIA Agent Stansfield (qv##nm0000169##) to keep them in line, Fred Manzoni (qv##nm0000134##), his wife Maggie (qv##nm0000201##) and their children Belle (qv##nm1872698##) and Warren (qv##nm2649720##) can't help but revert to old habits and blow their cover by handling their problems the "family" way, enabling their former mafia cronies to track them down. Chaos ensues as old scores are settled in the unlikeliest of settings.
1839.	Adam Ruins Everything (2015 TV Series)
Episode: Adam Ruins Football (2016)
Adam hits the gridiron to illustrate why the playoffs rarely determine which team is best, and he then explores how hydration myths spread by sports drink companies are putting kids at risk. Adam also tackles football-caused brain injuries.
1840.	K.C. Undercover (2015 TV Series)
Episode: Assignment: Get That Assignment (2015)
When Agent Beverly from The Organization hassles K.C. for her last mission report, the same classified information that Marisa has inadvertently used as her class paper, the best friends must race against the clock to get the assignment back.
1841.	King of the Hill (1997 TV Series)
Episode: Patch Boomhauer (2003)
Boomhauer's brother Patch comes into town driving a Saab 900NG cabriolet to marry Boomhauer's ex-girlfriend, Katherine. Patch is busy making arrangements for the wedding and Boomhauer is sulking, as he still loves Katherine. At a party at Hank's house, Patch asks Boomhauer to be his best man.
1842.	King of the Hill (1997 TV Series)
Episode: Pregnant Paws (1998)
Hank's desperation attempts of getting his dog pregnant aggravate Peggy. Peggy becomes especially upset when Hank discovers Ladybird has narrow uterus and Hank decides the next best option would be in vitro fertilization. This revelation upsets Peggy because Hank didn't this hard when they were attempting to have children and when the idea in vitro fertilization came up Hank shot it down. Over time they realize that Hank's male biological clock is ticking and these attempts to get his dog pregnant is Hank unconsciously fulfilling his desire to have more children.
1843.	Neighbours (1985 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.6804 (2014)
It's the day of Josh's Commonwealth Games qualification test, so everyone wishes him well. Poor Bailey barely has arranged a real-time Internet video connection to TV despite Amber's insane freaking it may not be in time when returning Lou accidentally knocks it out. He failed to qualify for Glasgow on two distances, but succeeds by a whisker on his best. Chris despairs on Kyle, who on his advice contacted Kate and stole a kiss, but can't make up his mind. By the time Sheila gets him to move on after Georgia liquidates their wedding bank account, Susan has planted doubt it may be to soon in Kate's mind. Jacob attempts during preparations for the custody trial to make up with Sonya over his thoughtlessly stolen kiss, but she dares not.
1844.	Neighbours (1985 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.6312 (2012)
Chris is recovering fine after surgery and enjoys visits as much as 'best nurse' Aidan, but his medication-induced candor about Andrew's tattoo is rather too much for his tried buddy. Luckily Summer calms her lover and settles a fight between Karl and Susan about with whom she should live after their separation by staying put. It looks like peter Noonan thought of everything to frame Taodie for Chris's ordeal. The only possible way out is a testimony from Paul, who ruthlessly negotiates payment in news scoop.
1845.	Neighbours (1985 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.6482 (2012)
Kyle finds straightening out bratty country cousin Harley even harder then expected as the rascal shows respect nor morality. Only giving him responsibility seems to work, but his plea to stay longer rather then be tempted into knavery again back home for lack of a proper father figure, unlike his own, may rather stem from a romantic interest in Rani. Ed duly rebukes Tasha's rudely inhospitable jealousy when his childhood best mate Toni Scott drops by.
1846.	Neighbours (1985 TV Series)
Episode: Adam's Glib (2007)
Caleb Maloney tells Sky his guilty secret: while an alcoholic he caused a car accident, killing his best mate. Rosie finds Frazer in his retreat, tells him that she won't wait indefinitely and gets his decision by wanting the ring back on her finger; reunited, they wonder what his psychosomatic trauma could be. Pepper gets a 'surprising' date with Adam at his place, but no romance. The gang is furious that the council opposes the Stingray memorial wall as 'provoking graffiti' and Sky even considers standing for election herself. Visiting the Brown grandparents' grave for the first time, Frazer discovers he has a brother who died aged 13 months.
1847.	Neighbours (1985 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.6945 (2014)
Best man and 'bridesmaid' Chris enjoys planning the parties with Lucy, who confides in him about her own situation. Daniel informs skeptic Paul last-minute that he expects Amber to move in, but she decides against it, feeling she can't desert the family now Paige is moving in. After a hostile conversation during his broken tail-bone checkup, part of seemingly endless cruel-felt jokes, even from Kyle, Toadie can't resist betting on the mystery novel author, but when Karl pushes Susan to do the same, also on him, Sheila smells a rat and smokes him out, so the pub wager is canceled.
1848.	Neighbours (1985 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.6168 (2011)
Even Chris ceases his best efforts, helped by Tash and unwittingly Paul, to make Andrew and Summer admit still being in love at the Scully farewell party. However the next morning, when she's already in the car, Andrew stops it and obtains her firm resolution to stay for his sake, without even asking Lyn. Harold is delighted with his fiancee Carolyn Johnstone's surprise visit, but their apparent meddling in Toadie, Sonya and Troy's triangle is far from appreciated.
1849.	Neighbours (1985 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.5398 (2008)
Best man Frazer gets the wedding back on track. Paul fears his evil side may return with his memory. Justin's jealous disappointment his parents don't bother to come to school after a fight with Rachel makes her realize how lucky she is. Susan's pride prevents her from accepting the cane Karl recommends until she collapses at school and Fitzy carries her home.
1850.	Neighbours (1985 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.6928 (2014)
Heeding Chris's wedding budget warning, Kyle and Georgia fail to order a reasonably priced dinner from the best caterer, but Shela manages, so they hand her the whole wish list, but find she alters the content to her taste. Astronomy fan Bailey receives a cool, expensive gift from 'disgraced' grandma Carpenter, so Matt advises hiding it from mother. Accepting Paige's invitation to use 'her' home, i.e. Mark's, he tells her why, and thus that 'nan' arranged the adoption behind Lauren's back. Having slapped marriage-wrecker and scolded Toadie and Mark, Sonya realizes it's all gone to far and agrees both spouses should simple cut back outdoors activities to share quality time again.
1851.	Neighbours (1985 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.6944 (2014)
Chris is asked as both Kyle's best man and Georgia's bridesmaid and dares turn down neither, so he asks them to decide, and when they can't accept he'll do both, then agrees to let former party planner Lucy assist him. While Paige's parents side with her, the spouses and half-siblings don't accept her, except Bailey and Josh, until he hears she kept quiet about Amber's infidelity. Daniel sees the stress is killing Amber and invites her to move in with him at Paul's penthouse.
1852.	Neighbours (1985 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.6205 (2011)
Kyle triumphantly moves in best mate Honga's plasma flat-screen and other stuff, reminding picky Jade they can't pay the rent in a week without a new house-mate. Alas, that very day she finds client Michelle Tran as girlish alternative and wins the rock-paper-scissors game. Susan gets Karl to peek at Jim's hospital file and questions young, unamused physician Rhys Lawson's authoritative 'bedside manner'.
1853.	Neighbours (1985 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.6516 (2012)
Ignoring her adultery, Ajay sweetly sends chocolate cake to Priya via Kate, who insists to join in her meeting with Paul about the hotel internship program, in fact their cover. Andrew reluctantly lends some help to Tasha's attempts to pass off Karl as a doctor/rock-star to his date, who is rather relieved by he truth after confessing she only posed as a writer. Susan confronts Bradley with his doctored CV and previous improper affair with the boss's daughter, but lets him off with a 'last warning', hoping that's best for Summer. In the morning, Priya oversleeps despite being waked by Paul.
1854.	Neighbours (1985 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.6590 (2013)
Kyle returns home, where Sheila suggest it's probably for the best, while Scotty moves in with Georgia, promising he's prepared to leave the Boland family farm to his brother for her and seek city employ. Paul gives Andrew his first project managing assignments, actually lowly apartment stripping, for which Kyle gloomily gives advice, yet is impressed by his zeal and marketing ideas. Karl celebrates welcoming Susan 'back home'. After marriage counseling, Ajay convinces Rani she too must get along with Priya again.
1855.	Neighbours (1985 TV Series)
Episode: Forgive Us Our Sons (2007)
Ringo first makes up with Rachel and they both agree to understand each-other better. He then finds out that Frazer has made peace with their mother and agrees to spend some family time again. Gradually Lou and Zeke learn that Bree was right: Lolly feels she must return to her Adelaide family. Caleb offers Sky and Janelle silver hearts engraved 'Scotty', but Boyd finds out he was the one who, guild-ridden, broke up with his family and best friend Jamie Hines, who offers to take him back in the old gang. Susan offers Karl to try taking care of his senile dad.
1856.	Neighbours (1985 TV Series)
Episode: Brother Can You Spare a Slime? (2006)
Sky confesses Scotty is the baby's father -they 'did it' only once; after JP- and ignorant. Dylan is furious and determined to take terrible revenge on his cheerfully unsuspecting kid brother and best man, kidnapping him to the coast and looking for a fight with hot-headed young men... Lou tries to make Harold tell everything to Janelle, who overhears and goes looking for them with already worried Karl. Susan tries to hide her disappointment when Zeke doesn't want his step-mom to come to his Dingoes game, but he reads her and changes his mind if she dumps the pompoms; the other team fields a giant 15-year-old 'for the last three years', yet brave Zeke shines. At Lou's insistence, Harold makes up with Sky.
1857.	Neighbours (1985 TV Series)
Episode: The Explosion (2013)
Bailey is appalled like Mason that Amber chooses to give Robbo the benefit of the doubt, and realizes that big brother's apparent accepting so must be a front, which isn't even confided in him. Plan B is to help Robbo rob the wedding guests at Lassiter's, after which the fiend promises never to return. Due to sewage problems, the venue has to move outside. Lucas and Vanessa stand in for best man and bridesmaid. All goes well, despite the robbery, during which bride Sonya sees Mason without mask and Mason's distinctive belt. Then a mobile kitchen explosion causes massive rubble, knocking down several guests.
1858.	Neighbours (1985 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.773 (1988)
Henry bests brother-in-law Scott in two out of three matches in the card game, with the help of Charlene's intervention. However, it doesn't make a difference when it is revealed that if the original hand had been played for the final match, Henry would have won anyway! Meanwhile, Paul irritates Gail at work and at home.
1859.	Neighbours (1985 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.5553 (2008)
The Dingoes need a new captain now Dan is abroad. Candidates include cocky veteran Lucas and bickering mates Ringo and Declan. Steve says his choice depends on the next training. The girls are setting up a cheerleader team and soon realize Elle is far best at it, since her year in the States. Steve opposes 'distraction on the field', but Elle gets the boys' support and carries sponsor Lassiter's cloud with the board. Declan's temper costs him the captainship: it's Ringo, with deputy Lucas. Nicola poisons Steve's food.
1860.	Neighbours (1985 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.5756 (2009)
Declan surprises his worried friends by accepting a birthday party, but gifts referring to Didge spoil it. Ringo stands by him and is hence picked for a treat for two. Paul is desperate enough for a best man that he accept an absurd candidate: Elle, who promises an interesting bachelor party without stripper. Lucas decides to deny her a triumph when she makes Steph manager in his place, having failed to appeal to her loyalty. The bachelor party proves cunningly cruel: a 'high rollers' casino night.
1861.	Neighbours (1985 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.6117 (2011)
Oliver convinces Michael that Rebecca's wish to stay is not actually best for her. Paul refuses to grant her an easy divorce even if she claims no fortune. Michael now convinces her to go with her family to 'safe' Portugal. Paul considers that a surprising loss, but isn't listened to. Given a promise of honesty, Mark dreads having to answer Kate's question how many girls he already had. Lucas cues him nine as 'perfect', but Jade told her that's that's just a classical lie. Luckily the lower truth does the trick. Rebecca leaves a letter for Susan.
1862.	Neighbours (1985 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.5997 (2010)
Paul treats Declan as a flunky but keeps him on as figurehead manager so Rebecca won't realize he runs Lassiter's again. The wedding venue is flooded, so Paul offers the hotel garden, but Declan finds a more intimate venue. Distressed, Declan resigns as best man, leaving the job to Zeke. Ringo is really shocked by discovering his ma broke up with his dad and started an affair with Donna's pa.
1863.	Neighbours (1985 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.6560 (2013)
Rhys quietly, rationally gives Vanessa all the right advice, including the surgery which offers baby Patrick the best chances. Yet she pushes him away, breaking off the engagement claiming he couldn't cope if the child needed full-time care for life.
1864.	Neighbours (1985 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.6699 (2013)
At Chris's insistence, Brad seriously considers training Hudson, who otherwise would have to emigrate. Josh won't even discuss the idea, but is easily temped to a cocky race duel, which produces a personal best, convincing Brad it's a good deal for both rival knaves. Just now Holy bonding with Susan stems Karl hopeful to integrate her in a real family, she confides in Susan that she really wants to return to mother Izzy. Robbo promises Amber, whom he shows his provisional living quarters, to turn his life around, preferably with her, but she wants to help only with job applications.
1865.	Neighbours (1985 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.6175 (2011)
Chris gets confirmation of Andrew's theory when Michael mentions Tasha supposedly having spent the night at Chrs's place, yet decides against ratting. Andrew works out she must have something with Ivan and warns her fakes IDs are always found out. Brennan suffers abuse from his colleagues for turning in Kyle's extortionist and fears it will get worse if Paul prints the story. Karl is tricked by Susan, coaxed by Summer, so Susan tels how to play her husband best.
1866.	Neighbours (1985 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.6601 (2013)
Having discovered that Robbo is Amber's secret lover, Mason tells his siblings how the fiend hid the robbery loot in mother's car, which Bailey drove illegally to save big brother. Sonya allows Angie to attend the wedding anyway and asks Callum to 'give her away', but the best man cancels and Jade is stuck with a delayed flight. Amber still wants to hear Robbo's story and the criminal threatens to turn in father for not arresting his kid son unless he can walk away with 'his share'. Mason feels forced to accept helping him rob Lassiter's during the wedding.
1867.	Neighbours (1985 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.5988 (2010)
Scared, Andrew keeps ignoring Chris, who tells Summer why. Her attempt to force Andrew rudely backfires, Mike has to pull her in line according to Chris's obvious wish to give it time. Desperate to make up with birthday boy (13) Callum, Toadie gets Sophie to find out he wants a flat-screen and a street party. Karl, who distributes notices for Dahl, refuses to attend, bitching Libby won't even consider allowing best mate Ben to go.
1868.	Neighbours (1985 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.5473 (2008)
Didge only confesses at Steve's trial after his guilty plea has been declared a sentence. The police will investigate again, but meanwhile he's convicted. Declan and Ringo convince Zeke their best chance is to get Taylah to come forward about Chris's beyond-romantic past. Sam's pregnancy lie keeps complicating life.
1869.	Neighbours (1985 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.5707 (2009)
Once the weather clears, a startled Declan accepts Didge's plea to get married that day, in the desolate church. As the rescue quartet arrives, they are fitted in recycled vintage clothes as best men Ringo and Zeke, brides maids Donna and Sunny, despite the last's wining about disrespect to absent parents. The home front works out where the youngsters went, but the four parents only arrive just after the marriage is concluded.
1870.	Neighbours (1985 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.6207 (2011)
Taunted by Paul for untidiness after another surf time and 'bringing his daughter to tears', Michael snaps back that Tash is impossible to raise, having sprayed the slur tags herself, so he makes her pay Kyle's $250 cleaning bill by selling off her own stuff. To Andrew's surprise, Summer's defeat makes her reconsider whether to major in journalism. After Paul convinces the municipal councilman the school garden is best sold, Sonya wants unconvinced Taodie's help to buy it herself and run a nursery there while maintaining the school kids program.
1871.	Neighbours (1985 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.6084 (2011)
Detective Mark Brennan takes Kate on a picnic, incommunicado. That 'forces' Sophie to resort to shoplifting to avoid novel female embarrassment. Sonya tries to convince Jade that giving Callum up was best by secretly showing her Harold's street history and the adoption file. Lucas catches Jade with them, the last straw for Toadie to give her marching orders.
1872.	Neighbours (1985 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.6976 (2014)
Wearing only a towel, hot tub-caught Josh is cruelly ear-pulled home, so as to 'assure he comes clean', by Sheila, who is rather angry at Naomi. Terese convinces Naomi to give the innocent hottie up before he gets hurt deeply again. Mark informs Chris that Nate has been charged for beating a man in hospital, but Nate refuses to explain, just promises to harm no more. Paul is delighted to meet -albeit by face-slap- Dakota Davies, whom he knew in his Brazilian days, ignoring she has a hidden agenda 'on holiday'. Joint best man Chris does a great organizing separate, later converging bachelor parties for Kyle's stag and Georgia's hen friends, except mixing up the strippers. Daniel spontaneously announces he and Amber are next, shocking the Willis family, Josh even gets drunk despite his abysmal alcohol tolerance. A stranger seeks trouble at Kyle's party, is chased by Nate but later follows and beats up Chris.
1873.	Neighbours (1985 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.6767 (2013)
Inspired by Karl's claim leaving his true love was the worst decision of a lifetime, trying to get Susan back his best, Chris returns to prison and convinces Hudson they should at least give love behind bars a try. Paul enjoys telling Therese are only options are braving public protest against the parking fees or be fired for not meeting contractual targets. At the hospital fun run, Brad wins, but Matt is the hero, having had to stop exhausted but being just on cue to spot Josie's idiotic overexerted collapse so she can be hospitalized in time.
1874.	Neighbours (1985 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.7115 (2015)
Josh remains calm while Daniel lectures him about 'grieving Amber' by talking to Danni. Tyler and Paige anxiously wonder what to do about Michelle's demand, he proposes just to steal 'just one' other car. The Turners consider and ponder the pros and cons of Lou's proposal to take Bailey to uncle Guy's in Queensland, and agree it's his best shot to come to terms with his grief; so when the police agrees to spare Matt's son a formal charge, he's off, with Lou.
1875.	Neighbours (1985 TV Series)
Episode: Good Golly, Miss Lolly (2007)
Paul makes clear to detective Skinner that police colleague Alan's death is his best hope to take care of his wife Trish's medical bills. Karl's private hint to Lou about the wallet is taken as a virtual insult, although it gets Lou thinking about his daughter's spending spree. Even Susan disapproves of 'busybody' Karl, so tired of the rooster she threatens to ax him, but it gets worse when she and the kids mistake a chicken feed mix for breakfast and the poultry gets diarrhea. Lou notices Lolly seems hell-bent to cause havoc between Scotty and both Rachel and Sky, who is back after her job course and fell asleep talking with him all night. Elle is flippant to Dylan about provoking her dad, but Paul no longer forgives his disloyal daughter: out, without anything he paid for; Dylan takes her into the Timmins home. Janelle refuses to hide the pirate DVDs Dylan finds in their garage and informs lover Steiger, but Paul taunts her till she punches him and makes Alan arrest his fiancee.
1876.	Neighbours (1985 TV Series)
Episode: Gentlemen Prefer Blogs (2006)
Just now Dylan has dumped her, Sky is desperate she ignores if he or JP is her unexpected baby's father. Paul promises his ex Gail both their boys will get the best help, she just blames him for everything, Elle insists in vain it must be Robert's work from the start. Jane finds Boyd wasted with a stethoscope glued to his face after a night of Toadie 'helping him study' but still sends him to his medical exam.
1877.	Neighbours (1985 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.6004 (2010)
Andrew stands questioning well, but his crucible resumes after airhead Tash lies to the press about a mystery adult apparent culprit. Ringo is back. Ben's artistic Internet test results are so good a countryside specialized school offers him a spot. Karl and Susan makes selfish Libby realize refusing would be wasting the kid's best opportunity.
1878.	Neighbours (1985 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.7025 (2014)
Karl shamelessly tricks Susan into letting him 'prospect', or actually buy without return option, a new pet: a horrid-looking Mexican fish with legs. Chris and Nate can't resist playing a prank to scare him, but Karl dumps the freak on them complete with aquarium equipment. Although Sheila is relived to find that Gary wasn't stealing Kyle's tools but buying probably fenced ones, she presses him to return the presumed contraband, while he secretly inquires about the best paying dodgy jobs contractor- Paul Robinson. After visiting Erin, in jail for lack of bail, hoping for a reconciliation, Sonya startles mark by putting up bail herself.
1879.	Neighbours (1985 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.7127 (2015)
Tyler sees trough Paige's shameless denial of having the hots for him too and gets her to admit having no right to scold him accepting a ready offer as she explicitly turned him down. While Josh cooperates with the paternity DNA test as perfect gentleman, and Danni decides to end their special friendship not to stand in his and Amber's way, and Daniel does his best to handle her infidelity lovingly, a single moment of open doubt whether he could handle not being the father drives Amber to a childish fugue. Now Naomi brings Paul Amy's trace, from nasty aunt Hillary, he's no longer interested, even accepts to bribe her not to pursue the search by allowing her to take his Labrador Bouncer 2, which Ezra can evict from the penthouse under Paul's own house rules, move into her seniors rest home.
1880.	Neighbours (1985 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.5760 (2009)
Next item on the bride's stress list, Paul's wedding vows. His 'best man' Elle, just back from her Sidney spa, betrays he paraphrases those for Lyn, which is meanly made a breaking item. Susan came up with an more classy and sassy hens night then a stripper: a nude model 'art class'. When Paul catches drunk Rebecca naked in Bryce's arms, she refuses to cover up and the wedding is off. Shameless Callum tries to sell puppy Bullwinkle with profit rather then return him, but ends up dealing with deaf Cody.
1881.	Neighbours (1985 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.5640 (2009)
At the wedding party, Karl and Susan invite Ringo to move back in, but he refuses to bunk with Zeke again and points out he's with Donna again, to their double disappointment. Lucas makes up with Elle, why Zeke and Elle ignore her. Sass makes Elle promise to but out if she can prove to be best for Paul, who flirts with Rebecca again, this time successfully. Teegan tells ma about Andrew. He acts indignant when sass prods him to court Rebbecca, but still does so, and is just in time to stop a fight between Ringo and presumed, actually platonic, love rival Zeke.
1882.	Neighbours (1985 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.5569 (2008)
Dan is happy when Lucas accepts to his his best man at fits amongst brothers. Libby however considers the 'fake' reconciliation utterly unacceptable. Donna drags Rachel along spying on Ty. Hiding in the boys' locker-room, they assume an innocent dancers-grip to be cheating. Toadie's home is cleaned and tidied in preparation for the Social Services assessment whether he can provide Callum a proper home.
1883.	Neighbours (1985 TV Series)
Episode: Puss in Boots (2005)
Alex Kinski's deathbed is tearful, both for his already morning loved ones and for everyone attending his dying wish, marriage to Susan, not at least for Karl who hears her say Alex is the best man she ever knew, even worse for Zeke and Rachel, who look to Katya for comfort as his last request is that she stays and watches over them. Paul buys Izzy a cat, Boots, for Christmas. Stu, alias Mick, is back in jail with Roe, who is getting really impatient for him to prove his loyalty by taking care of Dylan for the scum, who gets suspicious enough to make him take off his T-shirt, fearing he's wired.
1884.	Neighbours (1985 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.5755 (2009)
Bitterly facing their break-up, Lucas and Elle try hard to break with their lives together, hoping for a clean start. She only amused the Ramsay kids when trying skating and ultimately buys the garage from Janae and forbids her ex to keep sleeping there. Truth time also arrives for Jarrod's far too lenient education by (compared to Karl bad) example of Callum and canine pup Rocky by both of them when blind guide dog trainer Sonya arrives to test their progress, nut the idea of private lessons suspiciously appeals to both rascals. Paul and Rebecca agonize over wedding details and a best man, while almost everything is already tainted by disastrous previous editions.
1885.	Neighbours (1985 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.6965 (2014)
Chris proudly kisses Nate for helping Susan with a trauma victim pep-talk, but is scarily-rudely told off when he asks details about Nate's Agghanistan experiences. Paul enjoys mayoral post-tornado coordination and reprimanding a littering knave. Despite Bailey's best efforts, Matt avoids his wife, hinting if he really moves out it would be forever. An odd couple assigned by Matt, Daniel and Imogen find a wombat orphaned by car crash, Paul's storm victim. To Bailey's surprise, Spacecamp rival Alice commends her worthy adversary and even turns supportive when she hears about his parents's troubles, they kiss up. Josh keeps reconciling his family, telling Brad he did far less then Amber, whom he had taken back.
1886.	Neighbours (1985 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.5362 (2007)
Ned and Mikey convince Janae that making up with Kirsten is the best Christmas present. The Parker brothers want to buy the house 50-50. But Steve didn't count on Janae as 4th partner and Marco also considers the property. Oliver still needs reassurance about his paternal role. Fitzy is recruiting a sports team.
1887.	Neighbours (1985 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.6732 (2013)
Marty's testimony makes Toadie the prime suspect. He still insists that Lucas and Vanessa's engagement party must go on and accepts to be best man. Josh decides to tell the police about his nocturnal fight, but Amber convinces him to wait until morning. Despite Bailey's help, Callum fails to make up with school girl friend Josie Lamb, but the real problem comes to light only now: she's the daughter of investigating police detective Crabb. Matt scolds his kids for failing to confide in him and helps the detectives reexamine all the evidence and consider the kids' possible parts in the fatal night.
1888.	Neighbours (1985 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.5654 (2009)
Zeke is best mate with Kyle again, laughing at Tegan's hopeless chemistry project. She blurts out helpful Simon's frustrated theft to ma. Only Paul manages to talk some sense into Sass concerning her embarrassing meddling with the kids. Lucas has a ball minding Ben, but Dan gives him hell for bonding over motorbikes. After more pushing from Paul, Lucas finally returns Elle's declaration of love. Steve's hope their saved grand-parental aspirations would patch up his marriage is smashed.
1889.	Neighbours (1985 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.7094 (2015)
Mark discarding Naomi's suggestion to try some family diplomacy rather then Brennan caveman communication with Tyler makes the knave, publicly embarrassed once too often for little cause, equally discard Nate's gentle suggestion bully big brother may know best about the Dimato's and accept a new car theft shopping list, ignoring that equally unwitting Mark has set up a trap. Kyle, Naomi and even Sheila start to enjoy Sharon Canning's presence, which is likely to end up with Lauren being told about Matt affair, so Terese pays her off with a free 'market prospecting' cruise. Mark barely sees Naomi anymore, now minding nausea-hiding Paul take sup all her time and ruins her mood.
1890.	Neighbours (1985 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.6587 (2013)
Chris is at his wit's end when Ralphie Mahone returns to demand stripping help, but then arrives Mason Turner, who wants a job in the garage. Without a prior deal, he sort of lures Ralphie to the North coast and demands a reward in the guise of crucial recommendation to Lucas. Despite mean crone sabotage, Kyle and Georgia still enjoy each-other's company and refuse to consider going steady with a recommended third party. Father Matt Turner assures Bailey it was best to spare the rest of the family knowing about the little rascal's part in Mason's condemnation. the lost son gets a welcome back party, but subtly reminds father they remain on cold war terms. Angie's endless meddling plus now checking the pills in Sonya's purse finally earn the coarse crone marching orders.
1891.	Neighbours (1985 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.6541 (2012)
Chris is reassured when Aidan makes a union appointment himself and hugs up. Paul yields to Andrew's ultimatum: he's allowed to resume managing Charlie's and thanks Tasha, confiscates them and demands an end to it. Kyle is determined to celebrate a traditional Christmas with Harley. When depressed Rhys refuses to cook, the country-boys wager who can make the best turkey, but both are so disgusting that Rhys takes over.
1892.	Neighbours (1985 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.6112 (2011)
Andrew tirelessly makes unwilling Tasha behave like a responsible expecting mother, yet manages to give it a good feeling, especially during a teenage mothers yoga class he booked the for at the school. Callum has decided to go looking for his hated mother, and Toadie helps him. After some conscience-questioning, Sonya sabotages their best bet, helped by Jade.
1893.	Neighbours (1985 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.6274 (2011)
Dane tells Andrew he's not sure about the tip he gave to Summer, but Paul convinces them having a minor risk the scoop is win-win for both media and best for Kyle. Michael is in therapy for his 'sleeplesness', but both know it's about his late wife and secrets for Tash. Without realizing who she is, Lucas helps out Emiliana, whose car breaks down in Ramsay Street while she dropped a birthday present for Tash, which Mike finds. Chris's offer to help is turned down as another excuse to study less.
1894.	Neighbours (1985 TV Series)
Episode: Touching the Freud (2007)
Zeke cheerfully shows his bellhop costume, but overhears Lolly loves him- only like a little brother. Rachel cruelly teases him when he tries to work-out, Karl consoles and promises to coach him. Ringo wrote a perfect speech as best man for beloved big brother and example Frazer, only to learn the job goes to Olliver, whom Rosie considers 'unfaithful' for lending a strong shoulder to Elle in hospital. Carmella finds a third way for moral support, and Paul wakes up- with amnesia.
1895.	Neighbours (1985 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.5942 (2010)
Paul's sabotage after work-time inadvertently caused a victim as Donna dropped by to surprise Ringo, whose paramedic expertise saves her life until Karl can do the rest in hospital. Declan threatens to inform the police, while Rebecca's insane wining they should all concentrate solely on sitting by Donna gives Paul a seismic migraine. After Toadie's brother Stoanie is arrested for unpaid fines, Callum claims and gets the best man job. In order to get Toadie to act as their lawyer, Paul tells him Declan did the sabotaging for him. Paul accepts to let Susan research a work safety article, but objects to featuring victim Donna.
1896.	Neighbours (1985 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.5397 (2008)
Oliver is caught going trough Mia's purse for Marisa' coordinates, yet still seduces her all the way. He tells Carmie he's through giving in, Marco is not acceptable as godfather, he wants Declan. Marco is most understanding. Frazer finds his best man duty includes driving the groom to his late wife's remembrance site. The bride arrives to an unpleasant surprise.
1897.	Neighbours (1985 TV Series)
Episode: Rude Awakening (2005)
Steph keeps dreaming about Drew. Connor has completely turned away from his mates since he started following St. Harold's footsteps, so Toadie goes see him at the Salvos to ask advice how to get his best friend back, but is turned away; he enlists Lou to get the four of them back together; Harold announces he wants to give a small fortune to him and Sky jointly to encourage her studying, but Connor declines. Lyn wants a new job, so she applies as personal assistant, not knowing whose- it turns out to be with Paul Robinson, who is still so unpopular Harold grumbles even when accepting Christmas gifts for the needy.
1898.	Neighbours (1985 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.5317 (2007)
While Paul and Adam make the best of police experience, Rebecca constantly blames them in advance for whatever might go wrong. While the Kennedys commiserate with Susan, supported by Ringo, Riley abuses his reporter position in the Parker persecution against her. His editor is spotted snooping by Nick, who decides to move Declan. Oliver signs a crazy deal with Tim Collins: the $400,000 lacking ransom part for all claims on his share of the Barnes billions.
1899.	Neighbours (1985 TV Series)
Episode: All I Want for Christmas (2005)
Scotty 'Stingray' is ecstatic when Dylan returns to their cell revealing the wire trick worked. Paul has a caviar Christmas party, with Elle since the airport is on strike. Every year Janelle forgets a Christmas present for one kid, but this year they all get the best ever: a huge box 'from Boyd' with both the brothers in, already free. Body opens his exam results: an unreal 99,6; Sky also can go to university with 85. Janae couldn't afford a present, but Boyd is leased with a real lucky four-leaf clover. Lou cheerfully plays Santa. Even gloomy Harold lets Sky off soup-kitchen duty to celebrate Dylans release, even if Timmons style is utterly tasteless and the turkey is charcoal. When Paul Christmas lightening causes a power break, he invites the whole street to a fancy dinner at Lassiters. Steph daydreams of Drew and this time it's no memory.
1900.	Neighbours (1985 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.5396 (2008)
Frazer sticks to his plan to raise their baby with or without Rosie- love persuades her to accept the ultimate challenge together. The wedding preparation go slowly, nothing like Dee's wedding, despite Frazer as best man. Karl worries that Susan may get MS symptoms again.
1901.	Neighbours (1985 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.6480 (2012)
Rhys finds boring physiotherapy about as tempting as his 5% full recovery hope and turns on his house-mates. Seeing trough Vanessa's 'kitchen help' ploy, Rhys chases her, but follows Karl's advice to make up with his best moral support. Kyle enthusiastically prepares to become godparents, with reluctant Jade, of Sonya's unborn baby, although Toadie hasn't even agreed yet. Lou however feels it's rather up to him and consults Karl on what that encompasses now religion is hardly in the picture anymore.
1902.	Neighbours (1985 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.5571 (2008)
Ty dumps Rachel for totally lacking trust. Dan finally dumps fickle Libby for her irrational veto against Lucas as best man and assumes those two still have a crush on each-other. Libby, Elle and even Steph feel some remorse. Dan makes the class pair up as 'parents' in an experiment with plastic 'babies'. Only Donna really commits to it, Rachel is as bad with it as most boys. Lucas offers Dan a way out: re-run the motorbike race which started their rift after an accident.
1903.	Neighbours (1985 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.5938 (2010)
Zeke engages in a crazy bet whether her or Declan's driving pupil, Donna, will do best at exams and hence win the right to decorate the loser's (actually Karl's or Lucas's) car. Now Toadi is getting married, Sonya is determined to date and find another mate, notably Lucas or newcomer David.
1904.	Neighbours (1985 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.5578 (2008)
Declan despairs and calls himself unfit for fatherhood after blurting out to Didge loosing the baby might be best after all and being chase loudly. But she quickly wants him back. Ty impresses by writing and performing with Rachel a love song for Dan's engagement party. Ellen storms out after seeing Libby wears the same dress, but at school principal Andrew Simpson's arm and rages to Lucas she's tired of 'getting Libby's left-overs'. Zeke's warning comes true when slut Sharmi, who happens to be waitress, steps up saying Declan 'was all over me'.
1905.	Neighbours (1985 TV Series)
Episode: Run for Your Wife (2006)
An emu walk under Angie's grumpy orders allows the boys to find Kim's wedding ring, albeit falling in the pool. Zeke and Rachel could still suppose drying their trousers hanging from the limo windows was a Colac thing, but a police car looking to arrest Kim is impossible to ignore or think the best of; Rachel lies, model citizen Zeke tells where the wedding is. The happy couple's new start in style is now a no-starter as the 'groom' makes a run for it while the boys and Angie hinder the police. Max was never happy to see his son Boyd with a Timmins, now he says the criminal clan will only drag even him down. Dylan feels guilty, but even Janelle realizes he must keep his head down, as Kim explicitly insisted.
1906.	Neighbours (1985 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #1.5990 (2010)
Ringo chose Declan as best man and asks Zeke as MC, but keeps suggesting to take his cue from Declan. Zeke is hurt he even has to hand over the bachelor party, but gets Declan to act as his frontman. Paul gets Rosemary to grant him a 6 months leave 'to patch up his marriage' and hopes to sell that plan by suggesting Declan would fill in for him. Declan reconsiders his initial refusal after Diane suggests it's the opportunity of a lifetime if he lets her 'help make it permanent'.
1907.	Neighbours (1985 TV Series)
Episode: Union of Social Soviets (2006)
Lou tries his best (still terrible) Russian at a gathering for Mishk'as compatriots, but neither he nor Harold have a feel for the Russian taste. Paul doesn't realize how badly he's being played by rivals Izzy and Elle, then 'Cam' and Izzy tape (or did he manipulate it?) a message from Izzy that she prefers the son to the father. Sky and Elle try hard to make their mark in telemarketing.
1908.	Neighbours (1985 TV Series)
Episode: Mysteries of the Orienteering (2007)
When Tom and Susan take the kids camping in the bush for an orienteering exercise, Zeke is on best behavior, as always, but Ringo can't resist teasing him and pulling pranks. Ringo's goal is to see the girls in bikini: never mind the official plan, he even plants a toy-snake in Rachel and Lolly's tent. Frazer and Rosie agree to become 'just' best friends again, regardless whether his 'below the belt' condition normalizes the way they hope most. Mary forces captive Pepper to 'behave'- as an obedient 17-year old.
1909.	EastEnders (1985 TV Series)
Episode: Episode dated 13 February 2006 (2006)
Pauline begins to make preparations for her wedding and Joe asks Martin to be his best man. Elsewhere, Patrick finds himself in an awkward position when he tries to divide his time between Pat and Yolande, while a reluctant Stacey is invited for tea at the Brannings'. It's not long before Dot realises that Stacey doesn't want to be there.
1910.	Moneyball (2011)
The Oakland A's end their 2001 season with a loss in the AL fifth game of a best of five elimination series, still an admirable accomplishment seeing as the A's are considered a poor team with a payroll one-third of that of a rich team like the New York Yankees. During the off season, they lose three of their star players through free agency, most problematic being first baseman qv##nm1599866##. Without more money which he doesn't get from owner Stephen Schott, the A's GM, qv##nm5060081##, knows that they will never win the World Series as richer teams will always be able to pilfer their best players - ones they have been able to nurture - with more lucrative contracts. Billy knows they have to think differently about how to replace the three, looking at what they require in combination rather than looking at the three as individuals, which is different than the way scouts have looked at players over the sport's history. In a meeting with Cleveland Indians management about players, Billy meets Peter Brand, a quiet Yale Economics graduate, who works for the Indians doing player analysis. Upon questioning Peter later in private, Billy realizes that purely academic Peter has much the same thought process as he does. Billy hires him as the A's Assistant GM after receiving what he considers the correct answer to Billy's question on his own checkered past as a first round 1979 draft pick which led to notoriety as a failure as a player. But once on the payroll, Peter convinces Billy to look at the entire dugout, and acquire undervalued players for what they can do in order for the team to win. As an example, they acquire former catcher qv##nm3429418##, whose career is seen as being over by all other teams due to an elbow injury that doesn't allow him to throw. Although not a hitter, they acquire him for his ability to "get on base" in whatever way required (usually by walks), and plan to teach him how to play first base, a generally non-throwing position. These moves don't sit well with the A's scouting team and sports analysts. Problematic is that the A's Manager, qv##nm1763534##, who also doesn't agree with or understand the strategy, refuses to listen to Billy about how best to manage the team as assembled. Billy knows that his and Peter's jobs are on the line if they don't produce, which he realizes means nothing less than winning the World Series. But more important to Billy is to show the world of baseball that his way is the right way.
1911.	Trick 'r Treat (2007)
It is said that Halloween is the night when the dead rise to walk among us and other unspeakable things roam free. The rituals of All Hallows Eve were devised to protect us from their evil mischief, and one small town is about to be taught a terrifying lesson that some traditions are best not forgotten. Nothing is what it seems when a suburban couple learns the dangers of blowing out a Jack-o-Lantern before midnight; four women cross paths with a costumed stalker at a local festival; a group of pranksters goes too far and discovers the horrifying truth buried in a local legend; and a cantankerous old hermit is visited by a strange trick-or-treater with a few bones to pick. Costumes and candy, ghouls and goblins, monsters and mayhem... the tricks and treats of Halloween turn deadly as strange creatures of every variety-human and otherwise-try to survive the scariest night of the year.
1912.	Starship Troopers (1997)
Earth is united under militaristic organization called "Federation". Even in 4school students like Johnny Rico are thought about importance of serving to the Federation. On the surface atmosphere looks pretty relaxed, Johnny is dating beautiful Carmen, he has successful high school football career, loyal friends and rich parents. In the background Federation is in war with highly intelligent insectoid population that has colonized many worlds and are now trying to exterminate humans. Carmen decides to go to a school for a pilot in hope of commanding her own space ship one day and Johnny follows her not wanting to separate, but they eventually get separated in the line of duty when Johnny ends up in the Infantry and Carmen in the Fleet. When tragedy obliterates their home city of Buenos Aires, Johnny gets determined more than ever to put an end to the insectoid aggressor. Driven by hatred of the insectoids, and jealousy for Carmen's new boyfriend, Johnny strives to become one of the best soldiers Federation has ever seen... But "bugs" prove to be smarter and more resilient than he originally thought...
1913.	Sky High (2005)
It all begins when young Will Stronghold, the son of the two famous superheroes: Steve and Josie, A.K.A. the incredibly strong, seemingly invulnerable Commander and and the high-speed flying Jetstream. However, Will does not actually know if he has any powers of his own, and has not told his parents this. He and his best friend, Layla are facing their first day of a secret school in the clouds like none on earth: Sky High, the first and only high school for kids with super-human powers going through crime-fighting puberty. But with no apparent superpowers of his own, however, Will seems destined to grow up a mere sidekick. But as he discovers his true strengths, he'll also learn that it takes loyalty and teamwork to truly become a hero!
It all begins at a secret school in the clouds like none on earth: Sky High, the first and only high school for kids with super-human powers going through crime-fighting puberty. At Sky High, the student body throw flames with their footballs, study Villainy with their Chemistry and are divided into Heroes and Sidekicks instead of jocks and geeks. It's an out-of-this-world yet completely recognizable place where cool gadgetry, rampant bravery and awe-inspiring magical skills mix it up with parental battles, peer pressure and dating trouble--with explosively fun results. This year's class features some of the best, brightest and most powerfully gifted super-teens ever assembled. And then there's Will Stronghold. When you're the son of the world's most legendary super heroes, The Commander and Jetstream, people expect you to live up to the family name The problem is that Will is starting with no superpowers of his own and, worst of all, instead of joining the ranks of the Hero class, he finds himself relegated to being a Sidekick. Now he must somehow survive his freshman year while dealing with an overbearing gym coach, a bully with super speed and a dangerous rebel with a grudge (and the ability to shoot fire from his hands)--not to mention the usual angst, parental expectations and girl problems that accompany teenage life. But when an evil villain threatens his family, friends and the very sanctity of Sky High, Will must use his newfound superpowers to save the day and prove himself a Hero worthy of the family tradition.
1914.	Fresh Meat (2011 TV Series)
Episode: Episode #3.4 (2013)
Hoping to get back in with Sam J.P. signs up for a medical drugs trial which she is also attending but ruins his chances by telling anecdotes about his gap year which do not go down well. Kingsley also signs up, hoping to use the opportunity to tell Josie about his fling with Heather but his hypochondria prompts her to look up his course file - and everybody else's - bringing the trial to an end. Howard meanwhile bests a rival student whom he is fighting for a rare book and Oregon writes a play, clearly based on her house-mates. Vod disapproves but steps in when the leading lady drops out. The play brings to the fore indiscretions by both Josie and Kingsley but, whilst hers was a meaningless one nighter, she is very angry that he conducted an affair with Heather as well as dating her.
1915.	Into the Blue (2005)
Jared Cole and his girlfriend Sam Nicholson are a young couple living in the Caribbean. Jared is an unemployed diver whose dream is to find treasure in the Caribbean Sea and Sam works at a local resort as a shark handler. When Jared's best friend Bryce Dunn, a selfish New York lawyer and his new girlfriend Amanda Collins arrive, the two couples spend a couple of days experiencing paradise. But, they discover an airplane on the sea floor that crashed during a hurricane and they find the cargo on-board the airplane is cocaine. Jared and Sam's lives are in danger, when Bryce and Amanda make a deal with a dangerous drug lord who wants the cocaine. Jared's rival, Treasure Hunter Derek Bates learns what they are doing and tries to negotiate the cocaine to raise money for a expedition where he intends to find a sunken boat with treasure. Jared, Sam, Bryce, and Amanda find themselves racing against time to find the shipwreck before somebody else does.
1916.	Closer (2004)
An elaborate character study of two London couples as they engage in an ultimate game of partner swapping. Alice/Jane is a gorgeous young runaway from New York's seedy sex industry; she soon pairs up with Dan, a thoughtful but unsuccessful novelist and journalist, who authors a book about her. Anna is a quietly independent divorce and successful photographer. After Dan makes a move on her during a photo session for the book, she rejects Dan, who retaliates by tricking her into a relationship with Larry, a dermatologist with the lust and manners of a soccer hooligan. The plot revolves around the infatuation of the couples for one another. If they could only treat these dalliances with the silence they deserve, there would be no story here. Instead, they are brutally "honest" about their faithlessness, sometimes inventing boinks that never occurred to "test the love" of their significant other. Ultimately, each ends up with the partner for whom they are best suited; but has their desire to "win" at the game of love diminished their capacity to love and to enjoy its fruits?
1917.	Magnum, P.I. (1980 TV Series)
Thomas Sullivan Magnum, IV grew up with a father in the Navy, who died when he was ten, and entered the Naval Academy at 18. Magnum, a third generation Naval officer, graduated the Academy, became a Navy Seal, and was sent to Vietnam. He made two life-long friends, Theodore "TC" Calvin and Orville "Rick" Wright, while serving in Vietnam. After the war, Magnum was transferred to Naval Intelligence, and stationed in Pearl Harbor. His buddies retired from the military. TC opened up a helicopter tour guide service, while Rick was a club manager. At the age of 33, Magnum woke up one morning and realized he was never 23. He quit the Navy, got a PI license and opened a practice in Hawaii. He was eventually hired by a world-renowned author and playboy, Robin Masters, to monitor security at Robin's Nest, a huge estate on the north shores of Oahu. Robin Masters would jet from one part of the world to another, and visit his various estates, and write best selling novels. Robin's Nest is run by Jonathan Quayle Higgins III, a proper Englishman. Higgins was in lineage of a Duke and served in the Royal Army as a Sergeant Major. Magnum lives in Robin's guest house, and drives Robin's Ferrari. As a result, Higgins treats Magnum as a leech; however deep down they have great respect for each other. The series follows Magnum on his various adventures, involving clients, guests staying on the estate, or plots involving his days in Vietnam. Magnum requires assistance occasionally from his friends, TC, Rick, Asst. D.A. Carol Baldwin, his buddies in Naval Intelligence; even Higgins lends a hand from time to time.
1918.	Magnum, P.I. (1980 TV Series)
Episode: Computer Date (1982)
Magnum is searching for a spy who's been selling computer information from a large corporation. The president of the company tells him he suspects his wife of having an affair and asks him to follow her. Magnum is distressed to find her having an intimate dinner with one of his best friends, Rick.
1919.	Magnum, P.I. (1980 TV Series)
Episode: A.A.P.I. (1986)
Inspector Jean Claude Fornier is visiting Hawaii in honor of Magnum winning the award for the best private investigator of the year. Just as Fornier is about to present the award to Magnum, the inspector collapses. When Inspector Fornier's death is ruled a murder, Magnum is determined to find those responsible. Before long Magnum finds he has some unwanted help. Luther Gillis and, one time meter maid turned private investigator, Tracy Spencer, are also on the case. Magnum tries to blow them off while he follows a lead from Fornier's notebook and comforts Carrol on the death of her lover. Magnum discovers Fornier's true mission on the islands was to investigate an international drug smuggling ring involving the Richard Lindley detective agency, Spencer's employer. As Magnum investigates further, evidence begins to point to the involvement of Spencer herself.
1920.	Beverly Hills Cop (1984)
Detroit cop Axel Foley is delighted when he receives a surprise visit from his best friend Mikey Tandino, who lives in California. Not long after Mikey arrives in Detroit, Mikey is killed, right in front of Axel, by a man named Zack. Axel follows Zack to Beverly Hills, California, where Beverly Hills police department Lieutenant Andrew Bogomil assigns Detective Billy Rosewood and Rosewood's partner, Sergeant John Taggart, to keep an eye on Axel. Axel visits his friend Jenny Summers, who works in an art gallery. With Jenny's help, Axel discovers that Zack works for Jenny's boss, Victor Maitland, the man who owns the art gallery. Maitland is a drug kingpin who is using the gallery as a front, and Maitland had Zack kill Mikey after Maitland accused Mikey of stealing some of Maitland's bonds. With the help of Jenny, Billy, and Taggart, Axel does what he can to make sure Maitland and Zack won't kill any more people.
1921.	Short Term 12 (2013)
At a foster-care facility for at-risk teenagers, Grace is a young counselor trying to do her best for kids who often have been pulled from the worst kinds of home situations. Even then, life is not easy as Grace and her colleagues care for kids who are too often profoundly scarred, even as they try to have lives of their own. Now, things are coming to a head as Grace readies for marriage even as some her charges are coming to major turning points in their lives. To cope, Grace will have to make difficult perceptions and decisions that could put her career, and more importantly her charges, at dire risk.
1922.	Spawn (1997)
Al Simmons is a hitman who works for the government. One day, someone sets him up and he gets killed. Of course, he goes to Hell, where Malebolgia - the Devil himself - offers him a deal. Al will come back to life with a certain amount of "energy", but when it runs out, he will return to Hell as a Hellspawn, and help in the war against Heaven. Al accepts the offer, because of the love for his wife Wanda, but when he arrives to Earth he sees that the Devil has cheated him... His face is horribly distorted, his body covered with a living suit, and the worst of all; he finds Wanda married with his best friend. Shattered, the Spawn starts wandering in New York's alleys...
1923.	Ugly Betty (2006 TV Series)
Episode: Twenty-Four Candles (2008)
Betty has romantic dreams about how she'll spend her 24th birthday but when Charlie, Henry's pregnant ex-girlfriend, shows up, bent on regaining Henry's attention those plans seem fated to go awry. While Betty tries to make the best of her complicated romantic situation, Ignacio, Hilda and Justin would like nothing more than to see Betty enjoy another happy birthday with family. Even Gio intends to make Betty's birthday a happy one in his own way. Who will win out? The fates, family, or friends?
1924.	Covert Affairs (2010 TV Series)
Episode: Around the Sun (2011)
Auggie has accepted the congressional affairs job and moves to the top floor, yet finds adapting to the public pep-talk mode Arthur must demand hard. Colombian FARC rebels operations have been enabled by temporarily shutting off NASA satellite surveillance. As Smithsonian representative on a space fair, Annie can screen potential suspects. Career-hampered mathematician Chet Laguardi fits the bill best, but after visiting him at home with his doted teenage son Charlie, a sad twist emerges.
1925.	Covert Affairs (2010 TV Series)
Episode: South Bound Suarez (2010)
The Agency wants to get a corrupt Venezuelan businessman. And they decide the best way to do is to get to his mistress who unwittingly helps him hide his illegal dealings. And the best way to get to her is through her brother who is a student and Annie is charged with making contact with him.
1926.	Covert Affairs (2010 TV Series)
Episode: Suffragette City (2012)
As the life of one the Agency's best hangs in the balance, the team works to discover the truth after it's revealed that one of their own might not be who they thought.
1927.	Bloodsport (1988)
Frank Dux is an American martial artist. His former teacher in the martial arts, gives him an invitation to "The Kumite", the secret martial arts tournament where only the world's best fighters are invited. Frank shows up in Hong Kong for the tournament, but his CO's in the US Army are right on his tail. Frank wins match after match, and shows promise that he may be the first person from the Western Hemisphere to win the tournament, until the defending champion gets his hands on Frank's friend, Jackson, and injures him in the Quarter Finals. Now Frank faces an uphill climb. His friend is hurt, the US Army is on his tail, and he is on the verge of making martial arts history. The question is, will he?
1928.	Wallander (2008 TV Series)
Episode: One Step Behind (2008)
Three youngsters are shot dead whilst having a woodland picnic in fancy dress. One girl's mother reports her as missing but postcards from Paris supposedly sent by the daughter negate any police involvement. Then another parent reports that Wallander's troubled colleague, Svedberg, had earlier expressed an interest in the kids' movements, and then Svedberg is also found shot, photos of the dead trio being found in his flat along with one of a mystery woman, identified by Svedberg's cousin as his ex-girlfriend Louise. The corpses are found, and a friend of the victims is also slain, having told Wallander that his workmate was really gay, and that 'Louise' is a transvestite, and a wholly murderous one, who adds to his toll of dead by killing a further trio of innocents. Diagnosed as diabetic and aware that he never truly knew the dead colleague who regarded him as his best friend, Wallander must not only avenge Svedberg but halt a psychopath from an ordinary but obvious walk of life from striking far closer to home.
1929.	Bedtime Stories (2008)
In 1974, Marty Bronson builds the Sunny Vista Motel in Los Angeles, California, with the intention of raising his son Skeeter and his daughter Wendy in the place where he works. However he is not a good businessman and the hotel goes bankrupt. Marty is forced to sell his motel to Barry Nottingham who promises to hire Skeeter in a general manager position when he has grown up. Years later, Barry builds a new hotel; forgets his promise to Marty; and Skeeter Bronson is only the handyman of his hotel. The general manager is the arrogant Kendall, who is engaged with the shallow Barry's daughter Violet Nottingham. When the Webster Elementary School where Wendy is the principal will be closed to be demolished, she needs to travel to Arizona for a job interview. Wendy asks her friend Jill, who is teacher in the same school, to watch her son Patrick and her daughter Bobbi during the day and Skeeter to watch them during the night. Skeeter meets the estranged kids with his best friend Mickey and makes up bedtime stories to help them to sleep but the kids add details to the stories, changing their endings. Soon Skeeter realizes that the plot of the stories are coming true and affecting his life. Meanwhile Barry Nottingham decides to give a change to Skeeter to dispute the manager position in his new hotel with Kendall like in one of his stories. But Skeeter has told to his nephew and his niece that stories do not have happy endings.
1930.	Agatha Raisin (2016 TV Series)
Episode: The Potted Gardener (2016)
On the eve of the village's best kept garden contest many of the entrants' gardens are sabotaged. Shortly afterwards James' other half Mary, a keen contestant, is murdered, following a row between the couple. Since Mary's garden was left virtually untouched Agatha initially suspects one of the other contestants, all of whom hated her, but switches her opinion upon meting Mary's spoilt daughter and sole heir, Beth., being wrong on both counts. However a new lead is opened up on the discovery that Mary used to be a singer and music provides a clue to Agatha solving the murder - and for good measure she also identifies the garden vandals.
1931.	Up in the Air (2009)
Ryan Bingham works for Omaha based Career Transition Counseling whose contracts are in corporate downsizing. In other words, they fire people. Ryan is flying around the US over 320 days of the year, which he feels is the best part of his job. He does whatever he can to rack up frequent flyer miles, the goal not to use them but just to accumulate them to a specific number he has in his mind. A secondary job he has is to give motivational speeches on relieving one's life of excess physical and emotional baggage. He truly does believe what he espouses as he lives out of his carry-on suitcase (his apartment in Omaha is really in name only), he is not close to his siblings (although he does do a favor for his sister while on his travels), nor does he have or want a significant person in his life. Ryan's life may change when the company hires Natalie Keener, a young overachieving woman who recommends that the company change the nature of the work by conducting the "firings" via remote computer access. Ryan believes that Natalie does not fully understand the nature of the business, and as such, their boss, Craig Gregory, suggests that she accompany Ryan on a business trip. Ryan is also trying to protect his way of life, which now includes meeting up with a woman named Alex Goran whenever their flight schedules mesh. Like Ryan, Alex, who he met in an airport hotel bar, is constantly traveling for work, and is as equally turned on the by the concepts of "elite status" or "preferred member" as Ryan is.
1932.	Fresh Off the Boat (2015 TV Series)
Episode: Very Superstitious (2015)
Jessica's superstitions get the best of her when she sells a house with the address 44 West 44th Street - the number 4 being bad luck in Chinese culture. At the urging of the new school counselor, Eddie decides to run for school president, but Jessica's bad luck gets the best of him too when a white lie spirals out of control.
1933.	Fresh Off the Boat (2015 TV Series)
Episode: Doing It Right (2016)
Jessica gets into a tangle with another mom and worries that she is the reason why Evan was uninvited to his best friend's birthday party. Meanwhile, Louis and Eddie are busy perfecting their secret family recipe for the North Orlando Chili Cook-Off
1934.	Fresh Off the Boat (2015 TV Series)
Episode: Huangsgiving (2015)
The Huangs are hosting Thanksgiving this year, and Jessica is determined to out-do her sister who has hosted in years past. Clipboard in hand, Louis puts Emery and Evan on table decor duty while he and Jessica prepare the perfect feast. But despite their best-laid plans, unexpected mishaps and hangovers force Louis and Jessica to scramble to get an edible meal on the dining table. Meanwhile, Eddie and his cousin discover the power of the Internet.
1935.	Terminator Salvation (2009)
The war between man and machine is waging and humanity's savior, John Connor is doing his best. He learns that his nemesis, Skynet is searching for the one who will father him, Kyle Reese so he tries to find him. And at the same time he thinks he found a way to stop Skynet. One of Connor's people gets in trouble and meets a man named Marcus who has not knowledge of Judgement Day and the War. It seems like he was a man who was about to be executed just before Jufgment Day and before his execution, a doctor approached him asking if he would allow her to use his body for a project she's working on and he agreed. Which was his last memory. When he and the rebel return to camp something happens and when Marcus awakens he is chained up and Connor shows him that he is not completely human. Connor thinks he's one of Skynet's Terminators who was sent to kill him and Kyle Reese. Marcus denies what he is talking about and tells Connor that he was with Kyle Reese and that he was captured and is being brought to Skynet. Connor sets out to rescue Kyle. The woman Marcus left helps him escape and when Connor confronts him, Marcus says he will do what he can to save Kyle. Connor lets him go.
1936.	Roswell (1999 TV Series)
Episode: Ch-Ch-Changes (2002)
Liz seems to be going through some... Changes. Developing alien powers wasn't something she expected, but it's definitely happening. Michael thinks that Liz might be dying and Max is determined to save her. Kyle worries that this will eventually happen to him as Max saved his life as well. Meanwhile Maria gets a chance at a record deal and is completely oblivious to what her best friend is going through.
1937.	Christine (1983)
In 1957, in Detroit, a red Plymouth Fury is built and is the cause of two accidents, one of them fatal, still in the assembly line. Twenty-one years later, the outcast and bullied nerd Arnold "Arnie" Cunningham is getting a ride with his best and only friend Dennis Guilder and he sees the wrecked car for sale in a garden. Arnie immediately falls in love with the car. The car was given the name Christine by it's first owner. He brings the car to a repair shop of the despicable Will Darnell and works hard to restore the classic car. While he works in the restoration, he changes his personality to a cocky teenager and he dates the most beautiful girl in the high-school, Leigh Cabot. Soon Arnie becomes selfish and jealous of the supernatural Christine that kills everyone that is a threat to them.
Arnie Cunningham is a typical high school nerd who is picked on, overruled by his parents, and has very few friends. Until he meets Christine, a run-down 1958 Plymouth Fury and buys her. Arnie learns that Christine has a thing for him and devotes his time to restoring her to mint condition. But overtime, Arnie begins to change and becomes disconnected with reality and his friends. Arnie's girlfriend Leigh and best friend Dennis find out that Christine's previous owner cared about nothing else when he bought her and find out that Arnie is becoming just like him. The only way they can bring Arnie back to reality is to destroy Christine, but Arnie and Christine are ready to destroy them first and any one else who gets in their way.
1938.	Diamonds Are Forever (1971)
After traveling the world in his quest to kill Blofeld, Bond returns triumphant, only to discover a case waiting for him: a large amount of diamonds has been stolen from the South African mines and two offbeat assassins are killing everyone in the smuggling ring one-by-one. Bond goes undercover as Peter Franks, diamond smuggler. What he discovers shocks him: the head of the smuggling ring is none other than Ernst Stavros Blofeld! Now, Bond must resist the wiles of a beautiful smuggler and survive the machinations of Mr. Wint and Mr. Kidd, Blofeld's two best assassins so that he can uncover Blofeld's sinister plot.
1939.	Groundhog Day (1993)
Misanthropic TV weatherman/broadcaster, Phil Connors, is annoyed and despondent when he's assigned the job of covering the annual Groundhog festivities in the small "Hick" town of Punxsutawney - making this his fourth in a row. The only noticeable upside is his attractive and good-natured producer. But the real nightmare begins when Phil ends up reliving the same day (Groundhog Day) over, and over again. Unable to leave the town due to a severe blizzard, and with no end in sight, Phil struggles to find a way to escape (and ultimately make the best of) his seemingly hopeless situation.
1940.	Serendipity (2001)
Jonathan Trager and Sara Thomas met while shopping for gloves in New York. Though buying for their respective lovers, the magic was right and a night of Christmas shopping turned into romance. Jon wanted to explore things further but Sara wasn't sure their love was meant to be. They decided to test fate by splitting up and seeing if destiny brought them back together... Many years later, having lost each other that night, both are engaged to be married. Still, neither can shake the need to give fate one last chance to reunite them. Jon enlists the help of his best man to track down the girl he can't forget starting at the store where they met. Sara asks her new age musician fiance for a break before the wedding and, with her best friend in tow, flies from California to New York hoping destiny will bring her soulmate back. Near-misses and classic Shakespearean confusion bring the two close to meeting a number of times but fate will have the final word on whether it was meant to be.
While each grabbing for the last pair of black cashmere gloves at Bloomingdale's in New York, Sara Thomas and Jonathan Trager meet. Despite each being in a relationship with other people at the time, they spend an amazing afternoon together. Jonathan wants her contact information "just in case", but Sara, a fatalist, plays games of fate with Jonathan to determine if they are indeed meant to be together now or in the future. At the end of the day, the two only have a few pieces of information about the other, which does not include the other's last name or telephone number as they part company. One of Sara's last games of fate that day has each leaving a identifier to the other (Jonathan and Sara scrawl their full name and telephone number on a $5 bill and a used book, respectively), which if each comes into the possession of the other by happenstance, Sara believes they are meant to be together. A few years later, Jonathan is engaged and soon to be married to a woman named Halley. Concurrently, Sara, now living in San Francisco, has too just gotten engaged to Lars, a new ageist musician. However, the thought of Sara is foremost in Jonathan's mind. Sara too is thinking about Jonathan rather than Lars. As Jonathan's wedding day approaches, Jonathan, with his best friend Dean at his side, uses a methodical approach to locate Sara. On the other hand, Sara, with her best friend Eve at her side, uses a more fatalistic approach to finding Jonathan. Will either of their search efforts result in success, especially before Jonathan's scheduled wedding?
1941.	Wild Wild West (1999)
Jim West is a guns-a-blazing former Civil War hero. Artemus Gordon is an inventive U.S. Marshal who excels in disguise. When the United States is threatened by psychotic Confederate Arliss Loveless, President Ulysses Grant teams the duo up to bring him to justice. On a hazard-packed train journey from Washington D.C. to Utah, West and Gordon must combine their skills to best Loveless and his diabolical machines.
One day in the wild, wild west, a famous scientist is found dead. Or better: Decapitated by a devilish device, as it seems. Special Agent Artemus Gordon, quite inventive himself, finds out about the man's last sight and is forced to team up with James West, a man who relys on nothing but his gun. They first suspect General "Bloodbath" McGrath to be responsible for the killing, but as he's not bright enough to invent the flying decapitation device himself, a more evil mastermind behind the scenery is soon proven to exist. Dr. Arliss Loveless, who, by the way, has kidnapped the nation's best scientists, seems to plan on taking a major part of the country as his personal property. But Dr. Loveless did not spend enough thoughts about possible intervention from two men, who may get a little distracted by the sudden appearance of beautiful Rita Escobar, daughter to one of the abducted scientists.
1942.	Absolutely Fabulous (1992 TV Series)
Edina Monsoon and her best friend Patsy drive Eddie's sensible daughter, Saffron, up the wall with their constant drug abuse and outrageous selfishness. Numerous in-jokes and heavy doses of cruel humour have made this series a cult hit in the UK and abroad.
1943.	Absolutely Fabulous (1992 TV Series)
Episode: Jealous (1995)
At a dinner to award the prize to the best P.R. consultant Eddy is not happy when she loses out to rival Claudia Bing,despite having bribed the judging panel,though Bubble pairs up with Claudia's male assistant,Squeak. On returning home Eddy finds Saffy in an amorous situation with Gerard,her tutor,though on discovery that he is married Eddy hits him. At a P.R. meeting Claudia scoffs at Eddy,who has lost her speech,which has been thrown out with the trash. in their efforts to regain it Eddy and Patsy end up on a refuge barge.
1944.	Back to School (1986)
Millionaire businessman Thornton Melon is upset when his son Jason announces that he is not sure about going to college. Thornton insists that college is the best thing he never had for himself, and to prove his point, he agrees to enroll in school along with his son. Thornton is a big hit on campus: always throwing the biggest parties, knowing all the right people, but is this the way to pass college?
1945.	Mud (2012)
14 year-old Ellis (Tye Sheridan) lives on a makeshift houseboat on the banks of a river in Arkansas with his parents, Mary Lee (Sarah Paulson) and Senior (Ray McKinnon). He sneaks out early one morning to meet his best friend, Neckbone (Jacob Lofland). Neckbone, also 14, lives with his uncle, Galen (Michael Shannon), who makes a hardscrabble living diving for oysters. The two boys set out to an island on the Mississippi River, where Neckbone has discovered an unusual sight-a boat, suspended high in the trees, a remnant of an extreme flood some time in the past. They climb the tree and into the boat only to find fresh bread and fresh footprints. Realizing that they are not the only ones who have discovered the treehouse boat, they decide to leave. When they reach the shore, they find the same footprint in their boat. And that's when they meet Mud (Matthew McConaughey). Mud is a gritty, superstitious character; his clothes are dirty, his tooth is cracked, and he needs help. He tells the boys he will give them the treehouse boat, his current hideout, in exchange for food. Neckbone is reluctant, but Ellis brings food to Mud, and they develop a tentative friendship. Ellis learns that Mud has killed a man in Texas, and police and bounty hunters are looking for him, but Mud is more concerned about reuniting with his longtime love, Juniper (Reese Witherspoon). Ellis, who has recently developed his own crush, agrees to help Mud escape with Juniper. Ellis and Neckbone carry out bold schemes in an effort to protect Mud and relay messages to Juniper, who is holed up in a fleabag motel, under constant surveillance by Carver (Paul Sparks), a Texas bounty hunter. Carver and his gang are intent on capturing Mud, on orders from the cold-blooded King (Joe Don Baker). As the boys risk everything to reunite these seeming mythical lovers, Ellis's own ideas about love and romance are challenged by the strains in the relationships closest to him: his parents' marriage is dissolving while he himself falters in his efforts to impress May Pearl (Bonnie Sturdivant). Through it all, Ellis struggles to look for an example of love that he can believe in, learning about the unspoken rules and risks of love and the reality of heartbreak.
In Arkansas, 14-year-old Ellis lives in a floating house with his mother Mary Lee and his father Senior. Ellis helps his father selling fish with his best friend Neckbone. Ellis and Neckbone find a motorboat stranded on the top of a tree in an island on the Mississippi River since a flood and they plan to fix the boat for them. One day, they climb the tree and they find fresh meal inside the boat meaning that someone is living in "their" boat. They leave the place and meet a man named Mud near their boat. Soon they learn that the passionate Mud killed a man that had beaten up his girlfriend Juniper and now the father and the brother of the deceased man are hunting him down. Mud makes a deal with the romantic Ellis and Neckbone to help him to reunite with Juniper. But when Ellis meets Mud's stepfather Tom, he has a different opinion about the love of Juniper with Mud.
1946.	Knight and Day (2010)
June Havens' life becomes tangled with a secret agent, who soon realises he's not supposed to survive his latest mission. As the 2 do their best to stay alive, they learn that all they can count on is each other.
1947.	American Graffiti (1973)
It's the proverbial end of the summer 1962 in a small southern California town. It's the evening before best friends and recent high school graduates, Curt Henderson and Steve Bolander, are scheduled to leave town to head to college back east. Curt, who received a lucrative local scholarship, is seen as the promise that their class holds. But Curt is having second thoughts about leaving what Steve basically sees as their dead end town. Curt's beliefs are strengthened when he spots an unknown beautiful blonde in a T-bird who mouths the words "I love you" to him. As Curt tries to find that blonde while trying to get away from a local gang who have him somewhat hostage, Curt may come to a decision about his immediate future. Outgoing class president Steve, on the other hand, wants to leave, despite meaning that he will leave girlfriend, head cheerleader and Curt's sister, Laurie Henderson, behind. Steve and Laurie spend the evening "negotiating" the state of their relationship. Meanwhile, two of their friends cruise around town for the evening. Steve has left his car to meek and mild-mannered Terry "Toad" Fields to look after during his absence. The wheels give Toad a new sense of confidence, which he uses to try and impress Debbie Dunham, a more experienced girl generally out of his league. And John Milner, who is seen as the king of the street race in his souped-up yellow deuce coupe, tries to get rid of precocious pre-teen, Carol Morrison, who has somehow become his passenger for the evening, while dealing with the challenge of bold out-of-towner, Bob Falfa.
1948.	Burlesque (2010)
The Burlesque Lounge has its best days behind it. Tess, a retired dancer and owner of the venue, struggles to keep the aging theater alive, facing all kinds of financial and artistic challenges. With the Lounge's troupe members becoming increasingly distracted by personal problems and a threat coming from a wealthy businessman's quest to buy the spot from Tess, the good fortune seems to have abandoned the club altogether. Meanwhile, the life of Ali, a small-town girl from Iowa, is about to change dramatically. Hired by Tess as a waitress at the Lounge, Ali escapes a hollow past and quickly falls in love with the art of burlesque. Backed by newfound friends amongst the theater's crew, she manages to fulfill her dreams of being on stage herself. Things take a dramatic turn though when Ali's big voice makes her become the main attraction of the revue.
1949.	The Best Exotic Marigold Hotel (2011)
Seven British pensioners - five individuals and one married couple - meet on a flight from England to Jaipur, India, where they have all made the decision to live at the Best Exotic Marigold Hotel, a new luxurious but inexpensive seniors facility located on the outskirts of the city and which is geared at their white, English demographic. They each independently saw it advertised, and each has an issue in their life which has prompted them to make this change in scenery. Evelyn is just widowed, and is now emotionally and financially lost as she had for her entire married life depended on her husband for almost everything. Married couple Jean and Douglas lost much of their retirement savings on a bad investment and have had to downgrade their retirement expectations. Muriel, who only trusts white Brits, is reluctantly going to expedite her needed hip replacement, which she can have done immediately in a transfer program with an Indian facility or else endure the several months in pain on the British health care system waiting list. Madge, between husbands, needs to escape her married daughter's home, where she is treated largely as the babysitter, to find the next in a long line of lovers/husbands. Norman is somewhat a less sexually successful male version of Madge, he a lonely man who wants a new collection of unsuspecting women who may not be wise to his old and tired pickup moves. They all look largely to Graham, a just retired judge, as their guide, who grew up close to Jaipur and wants to return to the sweet side of his bittersweet child and young adulthood memories, namely the love of his life who he has not seen since that time, while dealing with the aftermath of the bitter side. Upon their arrival, they find that Sonny, the hotel manager and minority co-owner of the hotel, has misrepresented the luxury and new side of the hotel, that representation which he ultimately wants it to be based on his business plan that western countries, like Britain, will want to "outsource" the needs of their elderly. As the seven adjust their lives to their new reality while dealing with Sonny and their own personal issues, Sonny has to appease: the residents; his two Delhi residing brother majority co-owners whose interests are represented by their hard as nails mother, who does not approve of Sonny's choice of a wife, Sunaina, despite never having met her; and potential investors, whose money he needs to achieve his less than easily achievable business dream, the current new residents which he hopes to use as props to show how successful his plan can be.
1950.	Sex Drive (2008)
Ian is a high school senior in suburban Chicago, plagued by being a virgin. Online he's inflated his resume, met Ms. Tasty, and agreed to drive to Knoxville where she promises sex. He steals his homophobic, macho brother's GTO, and, with his two best friends, Lance and Felicia, heads south. Every young woman who meets Lance, including Felicia, is attracted to him, as he practices his aptly learned "Pick-Up Artist" skills. Ian, on the other hand, is a decent guy who wouldn't mind if his friendship with Felicia became a romance. By the time they get to Knoxville, they have encountered a jealous boyfriend, a menacing hitchhiker, jail birds, carjackers, an Amish community, and Ian's better judgment.
In the suburb of Chicago, the eighteen year-old Ian is a naive and virgin teenager that is mocked by his homophobic brother Rex and his schoolmates; his best friends are Felicia and the wolf Lance. When Ian meets a girl called Tasty in Internet, he writes many lies about himself; when she invites him to drive to Knoxville, Tennessee, to have sex with her, Ian steals Rex's GTO Judge 1969 and travels with Lance and Felicia. When they have trouble on the road with the car, the Amish Ezekiel offers to help them in his community. Lance meets the Amish Mary and they fall in love for each other. During their travel, Ian and Felicia discover that their feelings are more than friendship and that Tasty is not who she told she is.
1951.	Can't Buy Me Love (1987)
Ronald Miller runs in the geek crowd. Although his best friend Kenneth Wurman embraces their geek status, Ronald wants to be popular, especially on the eve of their senior year at high school, which he sees as the most pivotal period in their social lives. Although he wants to be friends with all the cool kids, he especially pines after head cheerleader Cindy Mancini. He and Cindy and many of the kids have known each other since they were children, when they were all friends, but high school changed the social circles in which they traveled. Ronald seizes upon what he sees as an opportunity when he sees Cindy in a financial bind (at least in her own mind). He offers her a proposition: he will get her out of that $1,000 bind - money he worked all summer for to buy a telescope - as "rent" for her services as a girlfriend for one month, so that he can infiltrate the "in" crowd at their school. Regardless of the facts that she doesn't think the ploy will work and finds the thought of hanging out with him abhorrent, she reluctantly agrees. Through the process, both Ronald and Cindy will truly evaluate their past lives and to where they thought they were going, that future for Cindy which included waiting for her football playing boyfriend Bobby, who is away at college.
1952.	The Five-Year Engagement (2012)
On New Years Eve, the one year anniversary of their meeting, San Francisco based Tom Solomon and Violet Barnes get engaged. Jewish-American Tom, currently a sous chef at a trendy restaurant, eventually wants to own his own restaurant. Christian-Brit Violet's immediate goal is to do post-doctorate academic work in psychology at UC-Berkeley. In addition to working toward their professional goals, they are planning their wedding for an undetermined date, the event which they envision to be perfect much like their marriage will be, to make up for the less than perfect proposal which did not quite come off according to Tom's plan. Trying to coordinate this perfection to occur all on the same date is challenging enough without the thoughts and goings-on of their friends and loved ones adding to the complications, including Tom's best man, Alex Eilhauer, his coworker with a frat boy mentality, and Violet's maid of honor, her constantly in tears sister Suzie Barnes. Their wedding plans take a major hit when Violet does not get the Berkeley job as she had hoped, but is offered a similar position in the Psychology Department at the University of Michigan in Ann Arbor. Violet and Tom decide collectively that Violet should take the job, while Tom will move there to support her until her two year contract is over, when they can move back to San Francisco to resume planning for their perfect wedding. But they find that life in Michigan together is not perfection, which changes both their outlook on life and their view of what they have to do to maintain that harmonious relationship, which may threaten them making it to the altar in its entirety.
1953.	17 Again (2009)
In 1989, teenager Mike O'Donnell is the star of Hayden High School's basketball team. On the day of the final game, Mike will be observed and may win a scholarship to college. However, his girlfriend Scarlet tells him that she is pregnant and Mike does not play the game. Twenty years later, Mike is a complete loser who blames Scarlet for his failures. He is not promoted to sales manager after working sixteen years at the same company; Scarlet is divorcing him; his teen-aged son Alex and daughter Maggie hate him; and he is temporarily living with his best friend, the eccentric and immature millionaire Ned Gold. Mike nostalgically visits Hayden where an old janitor talks to him about second chances in life. During the night, he sees the janitor jumping from a bridge into the river and he unsuccessfully tries to help the man. He then discovers that he is seventeen again. Further, he discovers that he has a second chance to fix his relationship with his family.
1954.	Casualty (1986 TV Series)
Episode: Anaconda (1987)
A gang of youths are targeting and assaulting an Asian family on the streets; a female entertainer ends up in casualty when she announces on stage that her live snake has escaped into the audience, causing them to panic and flee. Back at Holby, and Ponting is finding life too hard to cope with after the death of colleague/lover Sandra, and Ewart receives some professional advice on how best to proceed with his divorce.
1955.	Christmas Vacation (1989)
This year, Clark Griswold is really into Christmas, and promises his family the best Christmas ever. However, instead of the best Christmas ever, Clark turns Christmas evening completely around, causing a domino effect of disasters that eventually seems to drive everyone crazy.
1956.	My Girl (1991)
Vada Sultenfuss is obsessed with death. Her mother is dead, and her father runs a funeral parlor. She is also in love with her English teacher, and joins a poetry class over the summer just to impress him. Thomas J., her best friend, is "allergic to everything", and sticks with Vada despite her hangups. When Vada's father hires Shelly, a makeup expert, in his funeral parlor, and begins to fall in love with her, Vada is outraged and does everything in her power to split them up.
1957.	My Best Friend's Wedding (1997)
A woman who, by a promise made years earlier, is supposed to marry her best friend in three weeks, even though she doesn't want to. When she finds out that he's marrying someone else, she becomes jealous and tries to break off the wedding.
After Michael tells his best friend, Julianne that he is getting married in four days, she goes straight to Chicago to help him get through. But she has every intention to stop the wedding and steal the groom from Kimberly. Over the next three days, she tries everything to split them up. Finally, on the day of the wedding, Jules tells Mike she loves him and kisses him, but to her disadvantage, Kimmy is watching them. Now Michael has to decide whom he loves most.
When Julianne's best friend tells her that he met a woman and they are getting married in four days, she finds out that she loves him and wants him for herself. So, she sets out to break off the wedding, but things prove to be really difficult, since the bride seems to be "the perfect woman".
1958.	Contagion (2011)
Beth Emhoff (Gwenyth Paltrow) returns from a business trip to Hong Kong with a stop over at the Chicago airport, where she has sex with her former lover. Beth feels ill, but thinks the problem is jet leg. She travels back home to Minneapolis and spreads the virus to her son Clark and her husband, Mitch. When Beth and Clark die, Mitch goes in quarantine where the doctors realise he is immune to the mysterious virus. Meanwhile in Hong Kong, London and in a small province, cases of the mystery il Es are cropping up, as the American CDC and the World Health Organization give their best effort researching the virus. A race against the clock begins, as the virus is spreading in a geometric progression, and if no solution is found - very fast - humanity will cease to be.
1959.	Walker, Texas Ranger (1993 TV Series)
Episode: Retribution (2000)
After Walker and his task force have taken down a considerable number of the Chairman's roster of crime families and organizations that paid him to terminate undercover agents in their operations, the Chairman requests the best killers from all of his remaining employers to meet him in Dallas to take out Walker and his task force. After somehow expecting the Chairman to form this death squad, Walker orders higher security at their headquarters. This is not limited to Alex, who Walker assigns bodyguards to. After following several leads and busting a few more key players on the Chairman's roster of criminals, Walker and his team are set up in an ambush involving plenty of fists and bullets. The Chairman sets up Alex into thinking Walker was hurt. This was only a trap to lure Walker into a one-on-one fight with the Chairman, ending with another trademark explosion that sees Alex and Walker escaping to live another day. The show winds down after hearing the good news that all of the criminal organizations brought down by the Rangers met legal justice and the task force's computer expert, on loan from prison, Buzz, got both a pardon and her freedom.
1960.	The Peanuts Movie (2015)
Charlie Brown, Snoopy, Lucy, Linus and the rest of the beloved "Peanuts" gang make their big-screen debut, like they've never been seen before, in state of the art 3D animation. Charlie Brown, the world's most beloved underdog, embarks upon an epic and heroic quest, while his best pal, the lovable beagle Snoopy, takes to the skies to pursue his arch-nemesis, the Red Baron. From the imagination of Charles M. Schulz and the creators of the ICE AGE films, THE PEANUTS MOVIE will prove that every underdog has his day.
1961.	Cold Case (2003 TV Series)
Episode: Schadenfreude (2005)
The team investigates the early 1980's murder of a surgeon's wife. The husband had been convicted of the murder and was thought to have committed it for insurance money. The couple was under financial pain as a result of the doctor being sued for malpractice after he accidentally caused the death of one of the family's best friends on his operating table. However, new evidence found on a dead junkie with a past connection to the victim causes the case to be reopened.
1962.	Cold Case (2003 TV Series)
Episode: Fireflies (2006)
Bags of undelivered mail are discovered at the house of a mailman following his death. One of the undelivered items is a letter from an eight year old girl to her best friend, post-marked the day that she was abducted from her bedroom in 1975.
1963.	How to Lose a Guy in 10 Days (2003)
Benjamin an ad exec is trying to land a big account only his boss thinks that it needs a feminine touch so he considers giving it to a couple of female execs. Benjamin makes a wager with them that he can get a woman to fall in love with him he gets the account and he lets them choose the girl. They choose Andie, a writer for Composure magazine whom they had met earlier whom they learn is doing an article called How to Lose a Guy in 10 Days. Knowing that she's going to be impossible, they don't tell him that. So Ben tries his best to woo her while does her best to drive him away.
1964.	H2O: Just Add Water (2006 TV Series)
Episode: To Have and to Hold Back (2010)
Pa Sertori finally announces his wedding to Samantha 'Sam' Roberts. Cleo is completely out of the mood when Kim betrays that Lewis, the best man, has, unexpectedly, won an overseas three years scholarship, which he must confirm and leave for the day after the cafe-beach ceremony. Kim practices more sabotage. Everything works out in the end, on Mako.
1965.	H2O: Just Add Water (2006 TV Series)
Episode: Bad Moon Rising (2006)
Another full moon is happening, the girls and Lewis try there best to make sure no moon light can get in, and they succeed, until Lewis leaves, Cleo and Emma block the moon light, but Rikki see's it from a reflection in her water. Rikki loses control of her power and flee's to Make island after being scared of hurting Cleo and Rikki. Meanwhile, Zane, being haunted by the tail he saw when we he almost drowned, does some research which leads him to Mako. He finds Rikki surrounded by fire. Feeling scared and lonely, they kiss but Rikki ends up hurting Zane, and she doesn't remember until Zane asked her about it at the JuiceNet cafe, in front of Cleo.
1966.	H2O: Just Add Water (2006 TV Series)
Episode: A Magnetic Attraction (2010)
The Sertori girls wouldn't welcome Sam's dinner guest and colleague, park ranger Ryan, until they see the handsome devil. As a natural scientist, he eagerly offers to help Cleo with a 'school project', actually the gang's study of the moon cave rock, which they discovered to be strongly magnetic. Rikki is hostile to the whole idea and retreats into the cave, feeling best there. Will reluctantly breaks his word to her by telling the other mermaids about Rikki's apparent control over the tentacle, which she now refuses to presume hostile.
1967.	The Island (2005)
In 2019, Lincoln Six Echo and Jordan Two Delta are best friends in a repressive and intriguing society, where everybody expects to win the lottery. The prize is to move to a paradisiacal island outside the domes that protect the dwellers against the contaminated environment. Jordan wins the lottery, and Lincoln accidentally finds the scary truth behind the Utopian award: they are clones, generated to provide replacement organs and parts to the owners of insurance policies.
1968.	The Love Boat (1977 TV Series)
Love is in the air...Well, not only in the air but also in the sea! Passengers who search for romantic nights aboard a beautiful ship traveling to tropical or mysterious countries, decide to pass their vacation aboard the "Love Boat" where Gopher, Dr.Adam, Isaac, Julie and Captain Stubing try their best to please them and sometimes help them fall in love. Things are not always so easy but in the end love wins and everybody leaves the dreamboat satisfied...
1969.	The Love Boat (1977 TV Series)
Episode: Instinct/Unmade for Each Other/BOS (1985)
Two men named Shelley and Leslie who are on the cruise to meet their match which was chosen by a computer dating service. But they discover that they were matched with each other. They both meet a woman and both pursue her. Isaac pretends to accept a woman's self-help philosophy. A woman who was suppose to go on the cruise with her boyfriend discovers that he's not coming and that he sent another guy to keep her company. He tells her that her boyfriend is with her best friend. She later learns that he hasn't been completely honest with her.
1970.	The Love Boat (1977 TV Series)
Episode: The Buck Stops Here/For Bettor or Worse/Bet on It (1984)
This cruise is a charity gambling cruise to benefit the Flanders Hospital. Merrill (qv##nm0533891##) was the best man at Florence Flanders' (qv##nm0002141##) wedding. Florence's never-do-well brother, Frank Bannon (qv##nm0001395##), is addicted to gambling and owes ten thousand dollars to shady Al Dixon (qv##nm0690747##). So Frank hires Dixon to run the gambling tables, to Florence's dismay. Newlyweds Nancy and Stewart Sidon (qv##nm0043994## and qv##nm0268332##) are considering moving in with his parents for a few years and saving some money before buying their own home and starting a family. But gambling fever gets the best of Nancy and she loses all their wedding check money at the tables. High school teacher Michael Borden (qv##nm0829004##) owns an invaluable antique silver dollar, which he plans to sell to a collector in Acapulco, until his girlfriend Sally (qv##nm0679539##) accidentally drops it into one of the slot machines and accidentally brings out the greedy beast in him.
1971.	The Love Boat (1977 TV Series)
Episode: The Family Plan/The Promoter/May the Best Man Win/Forever Engaged/The Judges: Part 1 (1980)
On a cruise where a number of engaged couples will be married, a man (qv##nm0015934##) bails on his fiancee (qv##nm0005492##) and expects his friend, the best man (qv##nm0609182##), to break the news. The parents (qv##nm0336335## and qv##nm0115025##) of a young engaged couple (qv##nm0450116## and qv##nm0602844##) try to stop their impending marriage. A contest promoter (qv##nm0569000##) considers taking a bribe and his wife (qv##nm0001666##) plans to file for divorce. Julie (qv##nm0856708##) reconnects with a man (Don Most) she met on a previous cruise to Alaska. Gopher (qv##nm0334948##) is upset about having to be a judge of a contest, until he meets the other two judges (qv##nm0422713## and qv##nm0920171##). A couple (qv##nm0461095## and qv##nm0001516##), engaged for ten years, are finally getting married.
1972.	The Love Boat (1977 TV Series)
Episode: Maid for Each Other/Lost and Found/Then There Were Two (1981)
Gopher's (qv##nm0334948##) aunt (qv##nm0007225##), who Gopher doesn't know is a maid, comes aboard with her employer (qv##nm0926897##) and falls in love with a fellow passenger (qv##nm0444476##); a playboy (qv##nm0620619##) uses an old girlfriend (qv##nm0002111##) in a scheme on his best friend (qv##nm0929609##); a baby boy is reluctantly abandoned by his father (qv##nm0121400##), who is a ship's mechanic, and finds a sympathetic listener in a passenger (qv##nm0599727##), who is an old high school friend.
1973.	The Love Boat (1977 TV Series)
Episode: Friend of the Family/Affair on Demand/Just Another Pretty Face (1983)
A man (qv##nm0432410##) cons his wife (qv##nm0001341##) into insisting he have an affair; a man (qv##nm0907636##) orders an end to the romance between his daughter (qv##nm0001730##) and his best friend (qv##nm0001658##); a cruise line board member's niece (qv##nm0486905##) expects special treatment.
1974.	The Love Boat (1977 TV Series)
Episode: Pride of the Pacific/The Viking's Son/Separate Vacations/The Experiment/Getting to Know You: Part 1 (1982)
The Klondike Carnival Cruise Competition serves as the backdrop for this cruise, pitting Captain Merrill Stubing (qv##nm0533891##) and his Pacific Princess crew against his stern humorless arch-rival, Captain Gunner Norquist (qv##nm0461095##), and his Sun Princess crew in a series of competitive events beginning in Vancouver, British Columbia and ending in Ketchikan, Alaska. Gunner's son Trig (qv##nm0101427##) has just graduated from navigation school and been assigned to Merrill Stubing, which enrages Gunner Norquist and intensifies a longtime rivalry between the two captains. Gunner spent 25 years in Merrill's shadow and is now both jealous of Merrill and determined to best him in the competition at any cost. Trig doubts his own navigation abilities and would much rather be a cruise director but is afraid to tell his father. Meanwhile, Harry and Dorothy Meacham (qv##nm0098014## and qv##nm0497891##) are divorcing after 15 years of marriage and taking separate vacations, with her on the Pacific Princess striking up a romance with Doc (qv##nm0465728##), while Harry cruises on the Sun Princess and getting to know the ship's masseuse Britta Sorenson (qv##nm0055733##) very well. Dr. Skip Van Damme's (qv##nm0416625##) Harvard University professors expect him to make a major discovery by his 30th birthday, so he boards the ship with his fiancee Megan Lewis (qv##nm0002026##) and his scientific equipment to perfect an aphrodisiac, that he calls Macho Mints. They find their experiment's guinea pig in the form of shy mousy bachelor Dave Pursinger (qv##nm0056492##), who is traveling alone and not doing well at meeting new people. Ellen van Bowe and Jesse Dobson (qv##nm0705989## and qv##nm0717650##) plan to spend the entire cruise, alone together in their cabin, wearing their pajamas and getting acquainted because they feel love at first sight and they want to be sure they are right for each other, without waiting through a lengthy engagement. When both cruise ships reach Vancouver, the crew members compete in such events as a pole climb, buzz saw competition, mud wrestling, and a walk-a-plank tug-of-war. Gunner Norquist threatens to disown his son Trig if Trig doesn't change his allegiance and come to work for his father on the Sun Princess.
1975.	The Love Boat (1977 TV Series)
Episode: Country Blues/A Matter of Taste/Frat Brothers Forever (1984)
Country music singer and songwriter Billy Boy Bodine (qv##nm0566783##) cruises with his manager Cappy (qv##nm0015391##), who tries to come between Billy and adoring admirer Arlene Cort (qv##nm0043994##), because Billy writes his best music when he's depressed. Shipboard neighbors Simon Ashford (qv##nm0335048##) and Valerie Frasier (qv##nm0601930##) are interior designers engaged in cutthroat competition to win the contract to redecorate the ship, and will stop at nothing to sabotage each other. Doc (qv##nm0465728##) enjoys a visit from his fraternity brother Buzz McLaine (qv##nm0858186##), who travels with his cousin Jim Dolan (qv##nm0569732##). But things are not what they seem.
1976.	The Love Boat (1977 TV Series)
Episode: Alas, Poor Dwyer/After the War/Itsy Bitsy/Ticket to Ride/Disco Baby: Part 1 (1979)
Julie's high school class is having their ten-year reunion. Stubing tries to help English teacher Malcolm Dwyer, a lonely alcoholic. Draft dodger Jack Forbes is plagued with guilt when he sees that his best friend Mike Kelly was crippled in Vietnam and is now confined to a wheelchair. Having seen her picture in the yearbook, Doc is anxious to meet physical education teacher Bitsy Sheldon, but she has changed since then. Wendy tries to figure out which anonymous donor paid for her ticket. Julie reunites with dance teacher Joey, who is now paired off with Sherry, the woman that stole him from Julie years ago.
1977.	The Love Boat (1977 TV Series)
Episode: Alas, Poor Dwyer/After the War/Itsy Bitsy/Ticket to Ride/Disco Baby: Part 2 (1979)
Conclusion. As Julie (qv##nm0856708##)'s ten-year high school class reunion continues on a special Pacific Princess Cruise, Capt. Merrill Stubing (qv##nm0533891##) tries to help English teacher Malcolm Dwyer (qv##nm0000994##) take control of his alcoholism, by using his own former drinking problem to help Dwyer get on the wagon. Guilt-ridden draft dodger Jack Forbes (qv##nm0748270##) finally confronts Vietnam veteran Mike Kelly (qv##nm0170696##), his then-best friend, who is now in a wheelchair. Doc (qv##nm0465728##) falls for physical education teacher Bitsy Sheridan (qv##nm0004916##). But when Gopher (qv##nm0334948##) calls him away from her to handle a medical emergency, Bitsy thinks Doc is rejecting her because of her weight. Wendy (qv##nm0200981##) continues searching for the anonymous admirer who sent her the ticket to take the cruise. After Sherry (qv##nm0004998##) asks Julie (qv##nm0856708##) not to pursue Joey (qv##nm0501185##), Gopher and Isaac (qv##nm0486198##) convince Julie to renew her efforts at rekindling the high school romance.
1978.	Nip/Tuck (2003 TV Series)
Episode: Diana Lubey (2006)
Heiress Michelle meanly pulls rank in the practice. Nevertheless Christian proposes to her. Sean opposes both to grant French Diana Lubey's request to integrate her late husbands ashes in her new breasts implants. Michelle makes Christian agree to a neutral love-nest. That means selling his apartment, as it turns out to guy friend Dr. Mike Hamoui, despite the many sexual memories it arouses. Grief-wreck Sean takes Troy's advice to try therapy, with Faith Wolper, who betrays her professional secret to play a dirty game on both best friends. Soon the truth about their and Diane's past, Christian's promiscuous nature and Michelle's bitchy demands catch up.
1979.	Nip/Tuck (2003 TV Series)
Episode: Sheila Carlton (2010)
Kimber's suicide devastates Christian, who seeks emotional comfort with her estranged mother, Brandy, who arrives in Los Angeles for the funeral. Sean postpones his trip to Africa with Curtis out of respect for Christian's pain despite knowing that the narcissistic Christian will get over it quickly. When Curtis goes to Africa alone, Sean has an intimate encounter with his doctor wife Sarah. Also, Sean and Christian operate on a woman, Sheila Carlton, whose face was horrifically scarred by the pet chimpanzee owned by her best friend Jane, who herself is emotionally crippled with guilt over killing the animal to save her friend's life.
1980.	Nip/Tuck (2003 TV Series)
Episode: Conor McNamara (2006)
Even Christian is startled when his extremely rich, spoiled and vain client Mrs. Hedda Grubman announces she's going to die from terminal lung cancer but wants him to be the last to touch her, in bed hopefully, but also as a posthumous patient to make her the best-looking funeral star ever. Conor's upcoming hand operation makes Sean so nervous he beats up an offensive boy's father. Marlowe Sawyer makes Julia hold out consent for the operation with specialist Dr. Mugavi on account of 'medical doubts'. Sean is haunted by his own boyhood operation cum family trauma. Christian is surprise by Grub's missed chances, request for a eulogy and last will.
1981.	Nip/Tuck (2003 TV Series)
Episode: Madison Berg (2005)
Matt meets a girl who is completely against plastic surgery, but in a very prejudice way. Christian and Kimber are getting ready for their wedding and Christian decides to make Matt and Sean his best men, which causes problems to their already strained relationship. Kimber is beginning to have doubts for her wedding. The stress of the wedding and thinking that Christian may still have feelings for Julia are bothering her. Sean finally decides to come back to the practice with Christian.
1982.	Adventureland (2009)
It's the beginning of the summer 1987 in Pittsburgh. Young adult James Brennan, who is inexperienced in more ways than one including being a virgin, has just graduated from college with a degree in comparative literature. His parents are sending him to Europe for a six week vacation as a graduation present before he heads to New York City to attend Columbia's graduate program in journalism. He is taking the trip and sharing an apartment in NYC with his best friend Eric, James' half of the rent being paid for by his parents. As his parents announce they can no longer financially support him, the trip is definitely off, but his stint at Columbia is placed into jeopardy unless he can make enough money both over the summer and in NYC to pay rent. With no marketable job skills, he takes the only summer job he can get, at a third rate amusement park called Adventureland as one of the many games operators. At Adventureland, James believes he's died and gone to hell until he meets fellow games operator Emily Lewin, to who he is attracted. Not having any real experience with women, James is taken under the wing of the park's good looking maintenance man, married Mike Connell. As James and Em embark on what looks to be a relationship, secrets that Em and Connell are keeping as well as an encounter James has with Lisa P., a fellow parks worker who is the dream girl of every red blooded man in the park, may jeopardize James and Em's relationship. But James' experience at the park that summer may also provide him with a clearer picture of what he really wants and needs in his immediate future.
1983.	Father Brown (2013 TV Series)
Episode: The Daughters of Jerusalem (2014)
After winning the prize at the Women's Institute fair for having the best cake, Judith Bunyon is poisoned. She had an argument with Vera Thimble who accused her of cheating. Mrs. McCarthy didn't like her pointing out that Judith was a terrible gossip and it seems that she had received a threatening note just before the fair. So has Vera but by the time Lady Felicity and Mrs. McCarthy arrive to ask her about it - Father Brown is incapacitated with a broken leg - she too is found dead. Insp. Sullivan suspects Dinah Fortescue, who was seen having an argument with Vera at the fair and arrests her after finding her fingerprints on a teacup in Vera's house. Father Brown learns that all three women once gave evidence against Albert Evans who was hanged for murdering and molesting a four year-old girl. It's clear that someone is out for revenge.
1984.	Father Brown (2013 TV Series)
Episode: The Standing Stones (2015)
Father Brown investigates the stabbing death of barmaid Sylvia Swan who was found near a henge known as the Standing Stones. When the police find a small pool of blood atop one of the stones this seems to be something far more sinister than a simple murder. Polio has struck in the village and Ginnie Godden, Stella's best friend and fellow barmaid, has her son in the hospital with the dreaded disease. Ginnie and Stella had a falling out and is arrested for the murder but Father Brown thinks the police have the wrong person in jail and sets out to find the true killer.
1985.	Father Brown (2013 TV Series)
Episode: The Last Man (2015)
One year after Charles Milton, captain of the Kembleford cricket club, died of a self-inflicted gunshot wound the team's next best player, handyman Vince Lennon, is shot in the clubhouse. Father Brown sees that the body has been turned over and that for some reason, someone washed Lennon's face. Lennon in fact was a wartime child evacuee and had been adopted by Milton and his sister, professor Jane Milton. Vince was a difficult young man who had made enemies including the club secretary, retired Major Peter Wallander, who suspected him of going after his younger wife Daphne. Max Scullion, the new owner of the estate next door and manager of Kembleford's opponent in their upcoming annual cricket match, has imported a group of Australians to work on the estate - ringers one and all. Kembleford's only hope is their new captain, Dr. Raj Chandraty, newly arrived in the community. The list of suspects in Lennon's grows however when Father Brown learns that he was a blackmailer.
1986.	Father Brown (2013 TV Series)
Episode: The Man in the Tree (2013)
Lady Felicia is shocked when she finds a half-naked man in a tree on her estate. The man it would seem fell or was thrown from a passing train. He is alive but unconscious and, given his state of undress, had no identification on him. Father Brown first hears of it just after collecting a visitor from Germany, Father Frank. Some in the community are upset about a German visiting but Father Brown does his best to help everyone overcome their misgivings. As for the unknown man, Inspector Valentine confirms he was in a first class compartment and has several suspects in mind. Annie Mace was on the train, returning to the village after serving 10 years for manslaughter. Rag and bone man Christy Nolan swears he saw her in third class and that she never left the compartment. Sid Carter says he saw her come out of first class but when he shows up at church social with a motorbike, Valentine is certain Sid robbed the man and arrests him for attempted murder. Father Brown conducts his own investigation, much to Valentine's annoyance.
1987.	The Transporter (2002)
Frank Martin is a former soldier now living a solitary existence in France, Frank runs a private business as a "Transporter" a hired criminal whose job is to transport cargo, packages and passengers without question. Playing by the rules, Frank is the best in the business and he has never broken the rules. Until, Frank is hired by an American criminal known as "Wall Street" to deliver a package. Frank's curiosity leads him to break the rules, and he discovers the package he is delivering to Wall Street is a Chinese woman named Lai. Learning that Frank broke the rules and learn about Lai, Wall Street sends his mercenaries to assassinate him. With his own life in danger, Frank takes it upon himself to protect not only himself, but Lai, as he agrees to help Lai rescue enslaved people from China, who are being smuggled into France by Wall Street helped by Lai's father.
1988.	Gifted (2017)
Frank Adler (Chris Evans) is a single man raising a child prodigy - his spirited young niece Mary (Mckenna Grace) in a coastal town in Florida. Frank's plans for a normal school life for Mary are foiled when the seven-year-old's mathematical abilities come to the attention of Frank's formidable mother Evelyn (Lindsay Duncan) whose plans for her granddaughter threaten to separate Frank and Mary. Octavia Spencer plays Roberta, Frank and Mary's landlady and best friend. Jenny Slate is Mary's teacher, Bonnie, a young woman whose concern for her student develops into a connection with her uncle as well.
1989.	Doogie Howser, M.D. (1989 TV Series)
A teenaged genius deals with the usual problems of growing up: having a girlfriend, going to parties, hanging out with his best friend, all this on top of being a licensed physician in a difficult residency program.
1990.	Doogie Howser, M.D. (1989 TV Series)
Episode: Eleven Angry People... and Vinnie (1993)
Vinnie is serving on a jury. And when it comes time to deliberate, Vinnie finds himself as the only voting in one way. And when the other jurors gang up on him, he goes to the judge asking to be excused but the judge convinces him to stick it out. And Doggie asks one of the hospital's best doctors a question, and the man answers incorrectly, Doggie checks him out and learns he's not really a doctor and is uncertain of what to do.
1991.	The Perfect Match (2016)
Terrence J. stars as Charlie, a playboy who's convinced that relationships are dead. His two best friends, Donald Faison and Robert C. Riley, bet him that if he sticks to one woman for one month, he's bound to get attached. Charlie denies this until he crosses paths with the beautiful and mysterious Eva, played by singer/actress Cassie. They may agree to a casual affair, but eventually Charlie is questioning whether he may actually want more.
1992.	The Big Chill (1983)
A seminal Thirty-Something movie in which a group of old college friends who are now all grown up and hardened by the big wide world come together for the funeral of Alex, a barely glimpsed corpse, who was at one time the brightest and the best of them, and yet who never managed to achieve half as much as any of the others. The friends use the occasion to reacquaint themselves with each other and to speculate as to what happened to their idealism which had been abundant when they were younger.
1993.	Burn After Reading (2008)
Rather than accept a demotion due to alcoholism (which he vehemently denies he has, despite it being the truth), mid level CIA analyst Osborne Cox, whose latest assignment was the Balkans desk, decides to quit. With all his free time, he decides he's going to write an explosive memoir of his CIA life to get back at his former employers. He may or may not be aware that his work is not the only problematic issue in his life as his pediatrician wife Katie Cox is having an affair with Harry Pfarrer, a marshal with the US Treasury. Harry and his children's book author wife Sandy Pfarrer are so called friends with Ozzy and Katie, who each individually bitch about the other couple behind their backs. Harry and Katie have stated to each other that they are committed to each other and would be married if it wasn't for their spouses. Little does Katie know that Harry is being unfaithful not only with her but a plethora of other women, most of who he meets on the Internet. In addition, paranoid Harry can't help feel that he's being followed. Meanwhile, the talk among the staff at Hardbodies Gym is Linda Litzke, one of their own. Middle aged Linda is determined to reinvent herself, including having a multitude of cosmetic procedures, all in an effort to make herself feel better about herself and attract a man into her life. Her primary approach to meet men is online dating sites, she in the process being oblivious to the fact that her boss, Ted Treffon, the gym's owner, is in love with her. A further problem for Linda is that the gym's extended health benefits program does not cover what would otherwise be these very expensive cosmetic procedures. The already complicated lives of these two groups of people intersect and become even more complicated when a CD containing what looks to be classified government information is found in the women's change room of the gym. Linda and her best friend at the gym, the slightly dim Chad Feldheimer, one of the trainers, learn that the information "belongs" to Ozzy (it being his memoirs). They believe the CD is a good opportunity to earn a little money - for Linda, for her much wanted cosmetic surgeries - if not from Ozzy, than from anyone who will pay for it, including other governments such as the Russians.
1994.	Peep Show (2003 TV Series)
Episode: Jeremy's Manager (2008)
Jeremy and Super Hans are thrilled when super-confident Cally agrees to be their manager, but less so when it turns out they're playing at a Christian rock festival. Mark, under the belief that Cally is "the one", joins up as roadie and finds her quite susceptible to his dubious charms. But when she decides Jeremy is holding Super Hans back, Mark has to decide between his new lover or his best friend's happiness.
1995.	Peep Show (2003 TV Series)
Episode: Sectioning (2005)
Mark and Jeremy's old friend Merry, who doesn't seem to be in the best state of mind, gives Jeremy and Super Hans ownership of a pub, and Super Hans has some very radical ideas about how to run it. Meanwhile Mark's relationship progress with Sophie is stunted when she has to start working in Bristol.
1996.	Peep Show (2003 TV Series)
Episode: Gregory's Beard (2015)
Mistrustful of Jeremy as a lodger Mark installs a secret camera and is amazed to discover him with a gay lover Jo. Dobby returns from New York but, sadly for Mark, with a boyfriend, Gregory, who accuses Mark of stalking her. They all travel to East Anglia for Super Hans' wedding - where Jeremy gives a liberating best man speech and Hans' real name is revealed as Simon.
1997.	Peep Show (2003 TV Series)
Episode: Threeism (2015)
Still puzzled by Jeremy's new gay relationship Mark is keen to get back with old university crush April, now a best selling writer, and asks her to dinner. Unfortunately she brings her husband and the evening is a disaster for Mark. Now owning to being bisexual Jeremy invites girlfriend Megan as well as boyfriend Joe and discovers the perils of troilism.
1998.	Peep Show (2003 TV Series)
Episode: Wedding (2007)
It's the day of the big wedding and Mark is desperately looking for a way out of going through with it - but he's determined not to be labeled a jilter at any cost. Jeremy still harbors hopes of winning Nancy back, but being Mark's best man keeps getting in the way.
1999.	Submission (2016 TV Series)
Episode: Slave (2016)
Wanting to take control of her romantic life, Ashley leaves her dusty, damaged relationship and moves to the small town of Ivy, where her best friend Jules welcomes her as a new roommate. A chance meeting at the local coffee shop not only lands Ashley a new job, but a glimpse of the sexual openness of Dylan, whose sexual liaison with store owner Raif opens Ashley up to a whole new world of sensuality. Ashley becomes obsessed with Nolan Keats, a local author of erotic fiction.
2000.	PAW Patrol (2013 TV Series)
Episode: Pups Save an Iron Mayor/Pups Find an Outlaw's Loot (????)
It's the annual Mayor's Race! Mayor Goodway is determined to give it her best, while Mayor Humdinger is planning his most devious cheating scheme yet. Ryder helps Mayor Goodway sort through the old cabin of Outlaw Wild Wilbur when they come across a map for his buried treasure. Mayor Humdinger snatches the map and runs off to find the loot for himself.
